( The sitting was suspended for short )
We have now delivered the legislation in force together .
How do you intend to deal with Directive IPPC on industrial emissions ?
The second aspect concerns mutual access to public procurement markets .
And today 's preparations for the summit next week actually show that , as far as the European Union is concerned , if we want to do so , we can express a single opinion .
The political aim of reducing VAT rates is to reduce the reduced labour rate and possible administrative burdens .
However , the father of the child , Egyptian citizen , does not comply with this decision .
The EU is taking a building block in a construction process and therefore ending up to its enlargement would be contrary to the principle it is based on .
I believe that freedom to make political decisions really stop there , where human rights are being violated and people are dying .
This is our main message to the summit , because only then people can hope that we will give the right answers .
For this reason , we also abstained from the vote on the proposals of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) on the issues relating to Portuguese Portuguese , although it is known that the Portuguese Communist Party is critical of the situation in Portugal .
Thank you , colleagues , for the last hour .
These amendments will have a significant impact on the lives of the European public , because they will have immediate consequences for the buildings they live , and create a need to develop more efficient technologies in the construction sector .
I particularly welcome the proposed resolution that has been tabled in this part-session .
I am amazed .
I voted in favour of this resolution as it highlights the overriding role that the European Union wants and should play in relation to third countries , especially to its trade partners .
Most importantly , the rights to which bus passengers will enjoy will be comparable to those in other modes of transport .
During the negotiations held by the Romanian Government , the IMF and the European Commission have negotiated legislative changes in connection with a special administrative procedure which would allow rapid and effective intervention by Romania 's National Bank in the event of the infamous difficulties of credit institutions .
However , in order for these sources to play an essential role in the European energy system , two conditions must be met .
The Economic and Financial Affairs Council will review the correlation tables with the first quarter of its meeting on 17 May next Tuesday .
The most tangible results are expected in areas such as distribution of electricity , buildings , transport logistics and lighting .
I therefore call on the EU to focus on paying more favourable farmers who are the biggest but , above all , the group of the group .
Firstly , thanks to the Treaty , we will finally see an end to my mind the most controversial debates on the European institutions and the European Union constitution .
For this reason , I voted in favour of Parliament 's proposal , which contains the Commission 's proposal , as adapted to the recommendations of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission .
The agreement includes the rules on origin in relation to fisheries , textiles and agriculture , which lead to investment and employment opportunities .
The law that can not be implemented is a particularly bad law .
In my opinion , this is an extremely important institution that can strengthen and develop European monitoring systems , as well as assess and present information on existing and emerging threats to human health caused by infectious diseases .
The Committee on parliamentary Cooperation ( ECON ) , which will be visiting Azerbaijan , should use this opportunity to raise the issue of human rights , but also to establish a more comprehensive dialogue with the country .
I support the road we have gone .
Multilingualism : an asset for Europe and a common responsibility (
Four years have been since the introduction of the Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development .
The report is moving in this direction , so I voted for it .
Organ transplantation are undoubtedly one of the most problematic aspects of health progress , but at the same time they are opening the way for a number of problems relating to the rights of donors and patients , who need to be viewed from an ethical , social , legal and economic point of view .
The boats that sail in the Mediterranean are not the same boats that sail in the Atlantic Ocean and vice versa .
( PT ) Madam President , I would like to start by focusing on the importance of relations between the United States and the European Union , especially in the context of a global economic crisis .
Nor is it acceptable , nor can we make every product produced in the European Union , in the face of its property assessment and it is regrettable that - at least as far as I see - this is included in the text as the possibility of 2012 .
As the majority of my fellow Members , I voted in favour of this Community legislation being made clearer and more transparent .
I am encouraged by the fact that the interim leadership has promised substantial reforms , because it will strengthen the relationship of Tunisia with the European Union .
I would just like to make one comment : the subject is protest against the condemnation of demonstrators in Bahrain and criticism of this behaviour .
author . - Mr President , the fact that in this House , violations of human rights are again being debated in China shows that Communist leadership in Beijing remains firmly committed to suppressing any political disagreement .
For Poland , and also for Warsaw , a key factor will be the level of funding and priorities set out in the Cohesion Fund .
I am pleased that in this document , I have remained reference to where we say that we are urging the Commission to present bold and innovative proposals to be substantially reviewed the system for own resources .
One is the mobilisation of the Community Civil Protection Mechanism , and the other is the group of Solidarity Fund .
We can do the same with declarations published after our European summits .
The abuse of children is a reality in third countries , and it is not unfortunate that the abuse of persons convicted in other Member States are being punished .
Our views on certain issues such as the 'catch-the-eye ' procedure in relation to nanotechnologies and content , do not always have always worked out , but at the end of the day we have succeeded in reaching a wonderful compromise , which I am extremely happy .
Heavy Goods Vehicles ( vote )
The debate is closed .
Then there will be a sense of a comprehensive programme for providing aid - a more limited programme , not confined to one or two arms to the economy .
I am also pleased to be here again , as you have every month .
( LT ) Madam President , firstly , I would like to thank you for the opportunity to discuss this important issue today , especially with regard to the European Union 's neighbourhood .
However , beyond the unquestionable political importance of the decision , unfortunately , speculative attacks went - and even have increased - in the last 24 hours , the famous grey zone known about support mechanism - which , President of the Council , must subsequently be clarified - and rumours with unknown origin and the objective that are spreading different options , such as the Greek opening , a few days ago , is that there was a call for a renegotiation of the agreement on 25 March .
I am very proud of the fact that we have committed and re-elected Parliament - I think excellent - with regard to the Human Rights Council in Geneva .
One thing is very clear for me - that we need to take decisions from now on much more quickly .
( FI ) Mr President , it is quite surprising that some of my fellow Members consider it inappropriate to speak about one of the most corrupt countries in the world .
I have also seen pictures of the beautiful installation , turned into the toilet , as well as old chestnut , the ice , the executions , the 50 years ago , where sacrosanct human being in the most appalling condition .
I hope that this pilot paper will steer the European Union in the right direction and lead to some specific political action .
This text does not actually promote creativity .
The activities of the activities are being made significantly by the debts or delays of payments , which are often the case of the otherwise grotesque undertakings to go bankrupt because of the domino effect .
( PL ) I would like to thank the Commissioner for the information .
I think that there is no reason to put these authorities into practice .
I think Romania is proposing a model of good practice for too many countries in the European Union .
Not only building a new building in Luxembourg , which will lead to greater carbon emissions , which will contribute to climate change or not , depending on the point of view , but it is just hypocritical to holding a debate on climate change while we continue to work on three different places .
This is an area where Europe can introduce its own , adding value to the management of one of the most influential dimensions of globalisation , namely the unprecedented amount to which migration has increased and , hence , migration flows and their impact on all the important areas of European integration .
For the period 2007 to 2013 , Turkey will receive the amount of EUR 5 billion .
As part of the negotiations on trade agreement between the European Union and Canada , the Commission must take the commitment to respect the requirements of the European Parliament .
The European Union must provide the most effective support of civil society and political parties which defend democracy .
However , I would like to end by thanking Prime Minister Fischer , in particular , for the fact that the Czech Presidency is saving .
The Commission also fully shares Parliament 's statement that investor protection must remain the top priority of European investment policy .
I was pleased to support the resolution that I have had , although I have reservations about the solution to the issue of hunger in the world .
As regards the Commission 's recommendations on the setting binding target of 20 % for increasing energy efficiency , it seems that suspicion on the promotion of expensive corporate energy technologies is not a justification .
We should ensure steady development of green technologies , to provide a decent investment in tax , to promote research and develop environmentally friendly production technologies .
Parliament has taken a stand to protect citizens and patients ' right to better information and has not given pressure from pharmaceutical companies .
I would like to emphasise the responsibility of the largest parliamentary group in Europe , the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , which , even during today 's debate continues to believe that leaders involved in the coup , and the representatives of the legitimate government are the same .
It is easy for us to speak , but it is very difficult for us to take effective action .
There is a question of subsidiarity to this debate .
The regulation thoroughly defines the facilities permitted for fishing in the waters of the GFCM zone , especially in the Mediterranean .
I am particularly pleased with the improvements in the requirements for providing information on door-to-door and distance contracts .
Therefore , with a view to the advantages that derive from the entry into force of this protocol , there is no reason why we do not accept it .
I support the position that the current economic constraints and the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon can help Member States to make cleverer up the security costs by pooling and sharing of greater part of their defence capacity , budget and requirements , while simultaneously increasing security for citizens , although the economic and financial crisis is actually reflected in national defence budgets , programmes and cooling structures and , therefore , more than year after the Treaty of Lisbon , there are still no clear signs of an all-encompassing approach to the EU after Lisbon , which helps to overcome traditional procedural and institutional obstacles .
The issue of the growing suppression of opposition must be raised at the summit and opposition parties must be allowed to register .
We have proposed a macrofinancial assistance package of EUR 200 million to which we want Parliament 's approval .
For example , when buildings are designed and preparing for exploitation , it should be used and clear signs , among the sensitivities of the Federal Workers Technology signs to help the people with the visually impaired to breathe their way .
However , in this resolution , only concerns the atrocities committed by the troops of the Tunisian President 's Republican President , and not the accusations made to the troops of the newly elected President Ouattara .
The global population is expected to exceed 9 billion by 2050 , and global food production will increase by at least 70 % .
It includes the most varied of national interests , which are so diverse , while increasing European added value reflected in the Multiannual Financial Framework .
Nevertheless , many countries have adopted these restrictive measures , countries with different economic bases , such as the United States , China , Argentina , Russia and Indonesia , and also many developing countries .
In view of this , I voted in favour of this report because it will enable Member States if they wish to charge road users and certain limited external costs , in order to introduce the 'polluter pays ' principle in road transport .
This sorry behaviour reveals that Iceland is at the forefront of sustainable fisheries management .
The agreement consists of three main elements : a negotiated tariff reductions for banana exporters from the Third World Bank ; an agreement on the approach to tropical products and products which are destined to be caught in the wider negotiations within the WTO ; a financial envelope of EUR 190 million , assistance aid for ACP banana exporters , known as the Banana Accompanying Measures ( BAM ) programme .
In this regard , Parliament and the Council have the same objectives and this naturally applies everywhere , in all areas and for all institutions .
The Treaty , with the EC method thereof , implies full respect for the role of all the European institutions .
However , given this and because I can not give the EU citizens the use of tropical wood and products of Brazil , it is important that these agreements be adopted .
Closure of the sitting
The main causes of children 's abandonment are poverty , inadequate social care systems , the lack of a sufficiently social infrastructure network or adequate public services , as well as conflicts and military interventions .
( PT ) Mr President , I would like to begin by congratulating the Swedish Presidency , in particular , Prime Minister Reinfeldt , on behalf of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and on behalf of the Portuguese delegation in the EPP .
Mr President , the regulation we are discussing today was ignored by all the committees over a long period of time .
Obviously , their words do not cost anything .
The proposed estimate of compensation , which will be celebrated as starting from the first day of late payment , represents a specific method of preventing this practice .
However , we know very well that it will go down and otherwise , therefore , there is a choice to go within the euro area , which will simply move the problem on the road and it will return to us to attack , and perhaps go outside the euro area where the problem can solve .
The Presidency intends to invite ministers to adopt the Council conclusions on the Council 's action plan in March 2009 and a common approach or a political agreement on the above proposal at the June 2009 Council meeting .
The threshold , which is currently in place , 33 000 .
You have just heard what the previous speaker said ; we often see that when it goes far too far , the opposite is achieved .
I believe that European funding proposed by the ENPI should give priority to measures aimed at cross-border cooperation in the area of which the Eastern Partnership is intended .
I would like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow Members from the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament , the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left for their help in the drafting of an agreement in difficult conditions , which protects and the right of citizens to privacy and their right to security .
It is obvious that Italy must respect EU law as each other Member State .
If I have a choice to make two similar computer computer and I see that one is like the one thing as the child 's licence is more suited to me , I , by importing , choose this product .
They are afraid that patients will travel to countries where they will not have to wait for months or years of operation , as is happening in my country .
In this context , it is also worth me that the European Parliament must correct one item on the Commission 's proposal in the resolution : like the Baltic Sea region , there is already an important international agreement on joint cooperation on the river issues ; this agreement represents consensus and has resulted in a general statement enabling the protection of the river , while allowing its development as a transport route for ships .
It falls under the appropriate budgetary procedure and the outcome of the vote will be definitive .
This resolution proposes many things that overcome the negative provisions of the original text .
Mr President , you mentioned that Croatia 's accession is not only important for Croatia and for the European Union , but it is also important as a signal for the entire region .
Thank you .
Therefore , the Italian delegation from the centre-right ( INI ) decided to abstain .
On the other hand , it is imperative to publish Eurobonds so that they are willing to rescue the euro .
I would like to ask you whether you agree with me that , over the last few months , Opel has damaged severe financial difficulties that the company could produce much more cars than produce it at the moment , and that the poor economic situation of Opel has no difficulty in being caused by a free trade agreement that has not yet been in force .
We are prepared for this and we are also congratulated both institutions - the Council and the Commission ( i.e . the President of the Commission ) .
We also urgently need this signal , and these money are also within the framework of the 2010 budget .
Your officials are calling for a review of the provisions for the tachograph and the pay arrangements to promote flexicurity , to review the unemployment benefits and reduce the excessive protection of workers .
I have to say that I am outraged that some people , in the pretext of protecting the culture of migrants , in fact , refuse to admit these things about the punishable .
For this reason , it is appropriate and imperative that the Council take steps to ensure that the disproportionate use of the European Arrest Warrant is limited in practice .
In a global plan , we must concentrate , apart from anything else , on market participation and on the costs of competitive producers outside the European Union .
in writing . - ( IT ) Mr President , I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on the Fifth World Water Forum , which will take place in Istanbul .
The death sentence has no place in a country which protects human dignity , which is at the centre of human rights .
I believe that terrorists who have gone through our streets will never negotiate and that the lessons of the past will also be taken out of the actions .
in writing . - The issue of sustainable food supply is one of the biggest challenges we face .
However , at national level , regulatory measures are essential , especially in the context of cross-border projects .
( FR ) Madam President , I wonder whether you are being caught in Rome and Paris and their followers here in the European Parliament are aware of what their request for a recovery of internal border controls is actually being called into the European Parliament .
That is the first thing I would like to say .
We believe that it is right and we advocate that Parliament should abandon the failed model of the budget .
Both the Council and the Commission are now in favour of Taiwan 's full participation in the bodies of the United Nations , and I hope that they will benefit from the possibility that Taiwan is opening up as a result of this disaster in order to encourage its inclusion in these structures .
Are it prepared to answer him in his speech slightly later on whether it agrees or not with the rapporteur 's proposal , so that the Committee on Budgetary Control and Parliament meets 1 June 2010 and draw up documents requiring in paragraphs 25 and 26 of the resolution ?
Foreign attempts to mediate are rejected and subsequently arrest .
I therefore join the call for the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions to take measures to improve its evaluation and review procedure .
This is something that requires further reflection and consideration for why this should be these three languages , not some others , especially because this would give a certain advantage to entrepreneurs using one of these languages as a mother tongue as a mother tongue .
The four minutes old plus .
We therefore need to reduce labour market segmentation .
In my opinion , the proposal does not contain the necessary instruments to effectively address the problem of bureaucracy .
But I do not understand the motives for including some of the countries on the list .
Madam President , the words are the words are instruments , and the words can be weapons in foreign policy .
This is in the middle of this House behind the carpet behind you , because you are the Council , the Commission , and also Parliament .
The world asked them for answers and yet months later , we , citizens and politicians , particularly in such a platform , as the Union for the Mediterranean , are still being tried and lacking .
Madam President , Commissioner , when the independence of another African country , South Sudan , on 9 July , will be closed a chapter on the colonial heritage of this continent .
For this reason , I welcome the creation of another instrument , which is the next step in the direction of building a sustainable Europe with regard to energy efficiency .
We must not now give a debate again on this very serious problem , a debate that divides us rather than we have been reminded of .
However , this raises the question of whether body scanners will really make air travel more secure .
President Medvedev 's statements are neither proof nor a guarantee of real progress .
To conclude , I would like to thank Parliament for its involvement as co-legislator on the sensitive issue of asylum .
Finally , allow me to emphasise one of my most striking : the lack of ambition of the agreed provisions on e-health systems again due to the strong opposition from the most advanced Member States in this area .
On Amendments 1 and 4 : in relation to amendments relating to the addition of child clothes and the repair , I would like to remind you that the proposal made is limited mainly to local , labour-intensive services .
I hope that the negotiations will not take too long .
This influx of new money on the markets has purchased food prices and other goods .
We know that .
However , the directive will have to be implemented by national governments .
However , during the European Council , it has also been invited to the IMF to support EUR 75 billion in its commitment .
We need more democracy and less corruption .
It is therefore important for consumers to be aware of how much electricity they consume their books and I therefore believe that they have the right to mention this information .
On the one hand , the environmental and health impact must be taken into account when this equipment is processed or tested , and , on the other , the loss of raw materials represents a significant problem .
For European Union companies , there will be benefits if we manage to solve the problem of public procurement , faced with the market of medical devices - where there is insufficient recognition of international standards , in services - including the financial and postal services , as well as access for small and medium-sized enterprises .
This is strengthened by the fact that , at the same time , the most dangerous crimes committed against Hungarians are not investigated .
( LT ) Thank you , Mr President , Commissioner , at some stage in 2006 , we have , in fact , tried to introduce the euro but , unfortunately , we did not have the criteria with one quarter .
Another area is the improvement of energy efficiency , with which the Swedish Presidency wants to take the floor ; that means that the Troika by France , the Czech Republic - the Czech Republic - will be the most urgent energy problem from all countries .
I would like to thank Parliament for this useful debate and for an excellent outcome .
The next year will have a significant number of international powers in Afghanistan .
We trust in our mind , based on the integrity and maturity of our approach , as well as our sustainability and openness , are the best weapon we have in our dialogue with Russia at a time when our citizens have reminded us of the development of a strategic partnership with Russia , not the renewal of the Cold War .
If you really want to vote on the original text , we can go back , but the common mood seems to be to continue , it seems to me .
I can only agree that our situation is very delicate .
There are reports of many dead , injured and missing .
We need to move the process and increase our efforts .
Last September , Parliament voted for EUR 600 million .
Honourable Members , we must do as much as we can to support countries in the world .
Our objective - in the case of double objective - is to help clarify the responsibility of the various countries in the war in Gaza , and , moreover , more to the future , I would say that we must ask ourselves what we can say and do today to help restart dialogue .
These are special backgrounds , which is nowhere elsewhere in Europe .
Mr President , for those of us who worked hard on the Green Paper and the report , it is very good that we have come to a discussion in plenary .
The phrase , carefully , is no longer doing work .
I am confident that the data from the stress tests will prepare us for a new round of negotiations on this issue where we are going to discuss a new safety policy for the European Union in this area .
I believe it is essential to emphasise the need to strengthen our activities in promoting equality between women and men .
We also have the opportunity to bring improvements to Parliament 's vote .
As regards awareness , it is important - and we all agree with this - to provide accurate and objective information to parents and the general public on the advantages and limitations of the use of stem cells , including blood stem cells .
The next item is the joint debate on :
Commissioner Reding spoke about the label of fisheries products and for people to be sure they are buying .
These charges must not be removed .
Let me start with Croatia .
Aid for these patients also means accurate diagnosis .
These definitions also concern the fact that we have different criteria for the right to use social housing , as well as a different range of responsibilities .
I am pleased that the President of Parliament - especially the President of the EU , joined the last phase of enlargement , the president who , as Prime Minister of his country , started accession negotiations - has declared itself a fundamental message of its mandate : we want more Europe .
By guaranteeing strong consumer protection , we will be able to increase consumer confidence in the internal market and more generally - in the European Union .
It is good to remember briefly what this first mandate involves .
This is on science , because it makes it difficult to diagnose research and also in terms of the progress in medicine , because scientists who rely on animal testing work on a daily basis to discover medicines and treatments that will be explored tomorrow to treat new pandemics .
Let us clarify things : there was no objections against this paragraph 47 to be more controversial following paragraph 49 .
I oppose the proposal to reverse the burden of proof .
( Applause )
At the moment , there is a return to around 12 000 Roma , mainly children , in Kosovo , where , as we know , the conditions are that they will not be able to lead human shields .
However , in order to say and to declarations to be reconciled with concrete solutions and to have measurable effects , we should , above all , ensure the appropriate level of financing for investments that are planned .
We are pleased that Parliament 's report supports this understanding of proportionality .
I support this agreement and I therefore voted in favour of this report .
Europol 's data indicates that no improvement has been achieved in this area .
I stress that the decision to adopt prisoners must be a sovereign decision to the Member State .
The sanctions : from 2019 , are set up to 95 , and it is introduced since 1 January 2014 until 2018 .
We must remember that the regions which need support most in Romania are in Romania , Bulgaria and the eastern parts of Poland .
In today 's number of International Labour Organisation , he writes : 'The Russia can not have a modern economy until there is a real rule of law ' .
The Taliban , the al-Qaeda and the Osama Bin Laden are the largest and immediate risk of the European Union .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution , although I find it unsatisfactory .
The Commission is familiar with them .
We must show clearly to food producers that products from animals who suffer have no place in the European market .
I think that the US request is not acceptable and is a threat to the freedoms and rights of European citizens .
This is the message that the EU must support .
The constant , damaging abuse .
The first priorities set is the fight against the quantitative , which is increasing alarmingly , partly due to lower road costs .
All the Member States of the European Union through parliamentary vote or referendum approved it .
We know that the issue is very sensitive in the UK .
With regard to tax incentives , we had a serious debate in the morning .
Clear areas of responsibility must be defined .
The directive has avoided all the problems and even in some way successfully addressed the issue .
I will never forget this evening .
While I believe that it is a utilisation of 27 Member States to pool their resources , I could not vote for an increase in the EU budget by 5 % for the period after 2013 when we were not fully aware of the existing expenditure in order to avoid unjustified costs and duplication .
I would therefore like to ask President Barroso the following : whether the reintroduction of Greece 's own currency - the drachma - and also Ireland - is not the only long-term solution that will save us out of these problems ?
My first priority was to succeed in preserving these important positions .
We are discussing various ways of strengthening other types of aid and strengthening their democratic development .
I agree that the development of skills and vocational training are one of the main challenges we face , as highlighted in the debate .
A significant step has been taken to reduce energy consumption in the coming years with the adoption of the recommendation aimed at achieving approximately zero energy consumption for buildings by 2020 .
We must add to this , too , the Transnistria issue , which may lead to certain instability .
In its letter , Mrs Clinton also acknowledges that Parliament has this right , but no documents goes further and did we tell us how to solve this problem , and therefore we believe that a negative vote will force us to establish a better agreement on behalf of the whole Parliament .
I would like to read you what he wrote us today in a lecture :
It is not possible to curb creativity , but it may be negatively affect people 's desire to create .
I believe that , in building a transport facility , we should include not only the land area below the sun , in other words , not only the route of a fisherman which is a broad one metre and a long time for several thousand metres .
Vice-President of the Commission . - Mr Vice-President , all eyes have already spoken to you .
If the current nuclear power projects in Kaliningrad and the border with the European Union are implemented without complying with the highest level of safety requirements , they will pose a threat not only to the neighbouring Baltic States but for the whole of Europe , which is relatively close to .
( Standing ovation )
Over the years , we have had many disputes , but we have fought for the most of the time in the spirit of cooperation that has been worked in the Committee on Budgets .
Unfortunately , however , GDP is no longer a reliable basis for political discussions , because it does not measure environmental sustainability or social integration .
They must be done with work .
Although the report does not deal with these ideas at a sufficient level , it represents an improvement in the current situation and I therefore voted in favour .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , hardly anyone would argue that terrorism must be stopped and that suspects must be tried and held accountable , face a fair trial , but , in the so-called war of terror , we risk compromising precisely these freedoms and values that we claim that we defend ourselves against terrorism .
The Commission investigates the law and this week will be addressed to the Hungarian authorities to clarify some aspects that could create legal problems and which caused some concern .
Developing countries are encountering difficulties in establishing tax systems ( establishment , collection and management of taxes ) .
Under the pressure of nationalistic parents , the heads of response , such as ethnic groups , which represents a step in the wrong direction .
The EPP will support you , but we will criticise you very strongly if we were to get out of the initial programme .
This was a response that I would call a consolidation pact .
Mr President , I am talking about a Basque language , a minority that is still not official in this House : a Basque language .
The discussion was missing or was quite weak .
I am very surprised at this position , Commissioner .
We need a common action plan that has a solid legal basis and which will allow , with the help of sanctions , to ensure the implementation of the measures taken by the Member States .
The Commission 's proposal introduces important innovations , which I hope will support .
Whoever is perceived as a relative criminal character of totalitarianism , whether it is about the gratuitous or communist totalitarianism , Left , Left who run out of the law and against democracy .
I also do not accept that all asylum seekers must be provided social support in the same way as to own citizens .
Finally , the fact that trade negotiations in the World Trade Organisation , which are undoubtedly very complex , were also intended to integrate various possibilities in bilateral agreements and try to draw up new trade agreements that further integrate the EU 's environmental , climate change , human rights or social rights .
More than ever , it is important that we , the European Union , be taking up with its relations with Iraq and discussing the problem of our fellow Members in the Iraqi Parliament , particularly the need to abolish the death penalty .
After this victim , Lithuania will overcome the economic crisis , it will be significantly harder .
The Presidency wishes , as you have asked , to be completely frank with you on the history and the context of this issue .
In my home country , Greece , where unemployment among the most dramatic is Russian-speaking % , and in Spain , where 43 % are very different from the standards applied in European countries with a strong economy .
However , it is important to ensure that the directive meets the principles of clarity , legal certainty and subsidiarity .
The European Commission has decided to spend resources on enormous amounts of the shock to the advantages of the European Union immediately before the referendum .
The Commission should make a clear call for equality between men and women .
The aim of this is to collect more detailed data - for example , at the level of animal species .
Israel , on the other hand , is our friend , Israel is our partner and an important member of the international community .
We in Europe have a new treaty that gives us , in the European Parliament , new powers and opportunities for action , which is important for the whole of the European Union .
The Union for the Mediterranean must also strengthen the forms of cooperation existing in the Euromed to allow all partner countries to participate in regional programmes and the respective policies of the European Union .
I therefore voted in favour of this report .
The most important aspect of the resolution adopted by the European Parliament is therefore likely to call on the UN to revise the mandate of the Haitian Mission ( Stabilisation ) in view of the outbreak and tensions caused by the recent strong disputed national elections whose justice is challenged by the international community .
I call on him to be supported .
Mr President , thank you for this debate .
I endorse all of the authors of the questions , and I am really grateful for their valuable input .
We can not sacrifice our young people , the words are not enough in this regard .
However , I condemn the precautionary diktat to which both EU Member States and candidate countries are subjected .
Apart from enlarging this concept , so that it covers several areas and include the CSR dimension in our trade policies , why do we not make the application of this concept obligatory ?
The Belgian Presidency has contributed a great deal to the launch of the new economic governance process and we must now continue to work that it began .
I would also like to thank the Member States who have been very constructive in this area .
For me , this seems particularly important now , when we have seen or begin to see signs of the first crisis of European democracy .
In general , the impact of all this is actually limited .
Lithuania , of course , as other EU countries , must devote more attention to the problem of smoking among others .
We must ensure that we send a consistent message .
They were finalised on 10 September 2007 and after consulting the Member States , the Stabilisation and Association Agreement was initialled on 7 November 2007 in Brussels .
What we consider to be important is public services to work within a strong single internal market in compliance with Community rules .
In the Europe 2020 strategy , in which detailed EU growth plans and jobs are set out for the next decade , particular emphasis is focused on young people and clear objectives for acquiring education .
This also shares the European Data Protection Supervisor .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to touch on the issue of accession to the European Convention on Human Rights ( ECHR ) and , at the same time , to address the issue of accession to the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
The debt crisis in the euro area has proven the need to create economic union and economic governance as quickly as possible .
I do not support anyone who should support me .
In crude economic climate , it is not right that the European Parliament plans to increase its costs by 2.3 % next year .
That is why it is certainly a matter that we need to look seriously at an increasingly unlikely economy that is our own .
It may be a little bit complicated , but it is , in fact , a very effective tool .
I call on the other parliamentary groups , and also the Member States of the EU , which will actually decide this issue , to insist on the same .
The future revision of remuneration systems and the creation of a European public agency is still relevant to issues that we need to deal with .
The reasons are that no real savings were made under either a budget line , and the costs often consist of the test for 2013 that we have been cutting down the road costs will probably not happen and that the negotiating procedure for this report was not transparent and aimed at excluding smaller groups with more critical outlooks on the proposed budget increases .
I voted for this report on the basis of expert opinions that say that , at the moment , both Romania and Bulgaria have proven that they are sufficiently prepared to apply in a satisfactory manner all the provisions of the Schengen acquis .
The adoption and the resulting entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon has increased Parliament 's responsibility with the administrative burden that emerges from this .
The fact is that the disregard for human rights , civil liberties and the rule of law have become a common phenomenon in Russia .
In one word , and this is the only solution , everything must be done to reverse immigration flows , to compensate those who are tempted to leave their country to promote development and to ensure that families are collected in the countries of origin alone .
Croatia had problems with its neighbours , including Slovenia , but Croatia has acted in solving them .
Communication of Council common positions : see Minutes
We must therefore ensure that there are positive results from the G20 meeting on employment ministers , which was first set of time , as has just been said .
The financial crisis in Greece and the financial imbalance in other Member States has requested the need for political governance .
For now , its popularity is less than that of the ISO International Aviation Safety Authority .
We need greater integration of our social and economic policies and climate and energy policies in order to preserve jobs and create decent living and working conditions .
Therefore , taxpayers who will also have to pay for the crisis have the right to be guaranteed at least three things : firstly , greater transparency in terms of the decisions to close airports and the development of the situation .
I would like to take the opportunity to thank Mr Hahn for his work .
Immigration has more than one name , because I have expressed my fellow Members today about immigration from Africa , which mainly concerns the countries of the Mediterranean Basin , and what they have said , is , to a certain extent , rightly so .
( DE ) Mr President , Mr Oettinger , like Fukushima , Chernobyl showed that , despite all the rules that we can impose , the risk of human error must be remembered , and that in this context , we must clearly specify what limits of nuclear energy , because apparently even the strictest regulations can not eliminate this residual risk as a result of human error .
This is what I believe will ultimately lead us to the wrong idea that we can not European farmers and can only import food from countries outside the EU .
At the same time , it is important to note the dangers accompanying approaches , so on , an optional nature applied to labour standards .
We , as Europe , are advocating a transition from an economy based on oil and we support renewable energy sources .
Last summer , besides fires , there were other disasters , such as some of them have taken place quite recently , last weekend , in the south of Italy .
I also hope that we will manage to reinforce the ecological dimension and not only the social dimension of this approach .
The Armenian genocide was defined - Article 3 ( 1 ) in the 1948 , as a ban on a group of use its own language in their day-to-day communication or in schools , as well as publication of books and the spread of publications on the language of the group .
By introducing amendments to the constitution in this way , without actually including other parties or civil society organisations , it undermines the democratic process , killing the dynamics and threatens to impose the exclusive right of one party .
However , the European Union is the biggest importer of fishery products from other parts of the world .
This is why the Commission 's initiative really deserves support , even with the amendments that have been adopted proposed by the Committee on Legal Affairs , as there is no point in maintaining complex reporting requirements for small businesses .
I would like to stress that US waters in the ICC are the only most important factor that lowers the public and the credibility of the ICC .
The future regulation must promote and develop the industry and not limit it .
The vote on the Framework Agreement will take place at 12.00 , then there will be a break down to 8 p.m. and then proceed to the vote on the College of Commissioners - that is the order of work for today .
Firstly , I would like to say how much welcome the fact that the report discusses the need for more synergy between the two key pillars of European policy , namely development and security .
In the long term , we can only limit our dependence if agricultural policy focuses more on regional business cycles , short production rates , a high production rate and a high rate of market autonomy .
This is a strategic requirement for the introduction of the Single European Sky .
It calls for the creation of a coordination structure that meets cooperation between Member States in implementing social provisions , as well as the establishment of control bodies .
I am voting against this report .
In 2008 , 116 million European citizens were at risk of poverty and social exclusion .
They are too expensive and people travel with buses .
The EU has cofinance EUR 150 million in 2008 , EUR 120 million in 2009 and EUR 100 million in the next years .
It is time to stop this harmful circus .
The second factor is privatisation .
While food secure is one of the greatest challenges , the EU is one of the most successful projects in our time , peace , stability and prosperity in the region .
I hope in the future that we can invest in ensuring that people are responsible for working with creative activity , and ensure that piracy does not threaten their livelihoods , as is currently happening on the Internet with the illegal files of files .
We Europeans are those who will gain from the President-in-Office but the gambling will not act if emerging economies are only in a limited manner in the G20 or elsewhere .
The situation is that people who desperately need ICT instruments , because they never used them in their lives are not used to use them .
It can not be denied that the technical security of borders has no automatically made them impermeable , while there are problems with combating corruption in the judiciary and police structures .
As regards public access to information on pharmaceutical products , it seems to be the case in different parts of the European Union that the situation varies .
I would therefore like you , Commissioner , perhaps to incorporate electromobility into the future after the CARS 21 ' initiative .
I believe that the new Parliament will not delay its response , which we expect to get in February .
For its part , the commitments taken in national plans should be taken into account among the international community , ensuring greater transparency for all processes .
The national authorities must also start working on the draft application to provide a loan from the European Investment Bank so that grants grants to the necessary funds for the speedy and sustainable recovery of this region .
I am also astonished that , in the midst of an economic crisis , with a growing unemployment , where the effects of globalisation are tangible , the EGF has received and accepted so little applications from the Member States .
Mr Oettinger , you are in the process of drawing up the Energy Roadmap 2050 .
I would like to inform you that , following statements by the representatives of the political groups , I will inform you about technical procedures in connection with the report 's vote .
However , it is necessary to create mechanisms for listing and monitoring , given that I have stated in favour of the report on the amendment of the European Parliament 's Rules of Procedure , following the establishment of a common register for the registration and monitoring of organisations and persons involved in drafting and implementing policies of the European Union .
In connection with the design of policies , the Council 's EUPOL is carrying out mentoring and training , and the Commission supports the Afghan National Police Authority by the Afghan Fund ( Afghan ) .
The euro has provided stability and conditions for creating millions of new jobs and this should not be forgotten in these days when everyone speaks about a crisis .
We are living in unprecedented times .
We believe that this requirement will not result in proven security benefits and will constitute an obstacle to trade .
The contradiction is nationalism and protectionism , which were rejected for 50 years , from the Community 's current headquarters .
Croatia 's accession negotiations have recently developed well .
This legal act must enter into force as soon as possible .
We will do exactly the opposite .
I urge Mrs Wallstrm , which is a great advocate of minorities , to remind President Barroso to honour his promise that the future Commissioner for Fundamental Rights will deal with minority rights , including minorities of indigenous people themselves , of immigrant minorities and Roma .
If we consider global how other major regions act , how they conclude agreements and deal with their partners from a strategic perspective , we can undoubtedly see that all of them are developing more quickly .
These materials must be investigated under the current strict rules on protecting human health and the environment .
There must be a different approach and decisions and discuss with Parliament immediately , and this has not happened until now .
The accession will actually provide citizens with new means of action : they will now be able to raise a case in the European Court of Human Rights if their fundamental rights are violated by a European institution or a Member State of action or a withdrawal of their country .
This decision is wise and right .
The sector 's sector is a sector of growth that is developing faster than many other economic areas .
Do not augur that we will do it , but the option remains open to us .
Negotiations are also essential to restore the State funds to which temporary suspension of EU development aid amounting to EUR 600 million was suspended .
Under Article 150 of the Rules of Procedure , a list of statements by 30 MEPs will be raised so as to maintain a representative political and geographical balance .
We are aware of the growing number of falsified medicinal products sold in sale , with the number of them reaching millions .
Two weeks ago , the donor conference in New York has reached EUR 7 billion or , at least , the promised amount .
Only such bilateral agreements are necessary and I therefore welcome them .
The more is increasing the exchange of information at a higher level , the opportunity to prevent the risk of a more expensive or incorrect transposition .
I would also like this time , as well as the part-session in Strasbourg held by the February of the February of the violent objections to the resolution on the alleged use of European countries from the CIA to transport and illegally arrest of alleged terrorists .
Today , we are faced with at least three parallel crises - the financial , climate and what I would call a crisis of ecosystems , or the excessive use of natural resources .
We need data but we are aware that the data on ethnic origin are always sensitive and we must be careful when we are demanding and working with them .
( HU ) Madam President , here in the European Parliament , we have witnessed an unprecedented event .
How can we not be satisfied that , on two of the issues that serious concern Europeans - the crisis and climate change - Europe is finally on top positions ?
It is living in its territory a quarter of the world 's population .
We can not really say that we want to get one thing , but to do anything else .
This policy has become more integrated with the EU 's foreign policy .
Free trade is a good thing !
In this regard , it is enough to look at what relations Turkey has with other Member States , such as Greece and Cyprus , or with one country outside the European Union , as Armenia is .
patient rights in cross-border healthcare ( debate )
Let us streamline the European defence market .
Using innovative solutions should lead to lower costs for businesses and enable consumers to enjoy cheaper and better products .
We need to be careful when we discuss access to documents and transparency , not to streamline and open documentation and procedures to a degree where the whole system is unacceptable .
I am personally prepared for a compromise solution .
specialists must provide the necessary resources to develop innovative driving hours for measuring time and minimise the frequency , so that they can work under the necessary conditions , because ultimately they protect all of us .
The Commission has already started public procurement procedures - within the framework of programmes , the CIP , CIP and percentages - in support of the construction of networks of public procurement bodies .
Better regulation of political parties and their political foundations will also contribute to transparency .
In 2003 , according to the consultation received by this consultation , the Commission published a plan for action that is proposed , among other things , introducing a common reference framework contained in definitions , common principles and the rules in order to improve the quality and consistency of European contract law in another communication in 2004 .
Furthermore , I consider it appropriate that European energy ministers have decided to give priority to safety in European nuclear power plants , emphasising the importance of better coordination at European level during the modernisation of nuclear installations .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
Finally , and I would like to thank Mr efovi , who has a huge contribution to the implementation of this agreement , and the representative of the Hungarian Government , among other things , to the assurances that the Council will join the agreement in the near future , which will undoubtedly have its own ambiguities , as the Council undoubtedly plays the role of the second chamber .
The agreement is expected to be able to generate consumer surplus ( benefits in the form of lower fares ) of EUR 460 million .
We should not forget , however , that they serve only technical preparation and preparation for a political decision .
This is a real problem in all Member States and I will emphasise once again that it is not only about our regulations but also the national provisions affecting European funds .
The key is clearly that the mechanism has been designed so that it can be fully incorporated into the Union system in future .
We must not be sorry to be avoided .
It means lower energy bills , not higher and it improves energy security .
The Treaty of Lisbon stipulates that the Union has competence to commit to supporting , coordination or complementing Member States ' actions .
In my own country , for example , our budget contributions will increase by 60 % over the next 12 months .
lobbyists are a big issue and lobbying is a big matter , and we must continue to work in this direction , to use this as experiment and hopefully that the registration will be made compulsory in future .
I would also like to add that I do not know who , with whom representatives of the EU , are the talk about .
However , in Europe , we obviously need to find some common approach to the methodology for assessing possible risks .
Please do not make a distinction between Mr Oettinger , the former treasurer , Commissioner Oettinger .
In 2008 , the Commission tabled a proposal for a Council regulation on the conservation of fish stocks through technical measures that had to replace the previous regulation .
As has been mentioned , over 100 000 flights were cancelled , tens of thousands of passengers , working or in the holiday , they could not travel according to their plans , delayed or ever more freight remained goods and cargo affected by businesses and our European carriers and airports have suffered catastrophic financial losses .
I also believe that macroeconomic aid will have a positive impact on Georgia 's relations with the Member States , in addition to the crucial role that will play in the proper implementation of the reforms by the government .
I voted in favour of this report because , as the largest donor of humanitarian aid globally , the EU must pay greater attention to humanitarian aid in these areas where it is urgently needed , given the dramatic rise in the number of natural disasters and internal conflicts .
The fourth and final section calls for an autonomous impact assessment structure within Parliament , which all parliamentary committees should use to create more synergies .
I am pleased to see what you have said today that you want to meet almost monthly , because your work is to bring back to the Heads of State or Government and the Member States back in Europe .
The Commission has received answers from all 27 Member States and a document that has been submitted to these answers will be published over the next six months .
However , the arbitrary creation of new projects and organisations for facilitating these objectives runs counter to the budgetary realities throughout the EU .
Therefore , in today 's vote , we voted against the compromise .
I believe it is absolutely right to raise the issue of the importance of being visible in the ground .
The people who manage the cities are particularly responsible .
The members of the committee were of the opinion that such a ban would be irrelevant .
I have received my vote on confidence in the Commission team , which will be led by Jos Manuel Barroso , as they have shown good technical preparation , serious and ambition with which to respond to the challenges facing the EU without forgetting the values underlying it , namely solidarity and territorial cohesion .
And for many times , there has been one single joke : Europe .
According to official statistics , the Russian economy is growing at a rate of 4 % , despite the economic situation , and it is expected to maintain a long time .
It remains only now to end the climate conference in Copenhagen - the last and most important task , with the greatest long-term effect .
The Republic of Moldova is a European country under its history and geographical location .
As regards the accusation of my actions , I will only point out that there were various attempts to reverse my own , but there has never been a criminal investigation , not because the Austrian judges and public prosecutor were searched , but because they were very unfounded .
Some of these proposals , I can add , are already a fact or are on the way to make it happen .
The Czech Presidency will follow the problem and will take further steps on behalf of the EU if this is needed , and will continue to put this issue in our contacts with the competent authorities in Minsk .
This can contribute to changing the trend towards reducing the number of protected consumers during travel .
I believe that , despite the emergency situation , decisions which are important for the European Union must be taken calmly and respecting the principle of solidarity and equal rights of all Member States .
( SV ) As many countries and Sweden , where I am , I am , is highly dependent on the car industry .
This concerns primarily craftspeople , which in Europe does not have a single standard for measuring qualifications .
We want to see the list of regulations and internal legislative acts that Member States want to retain .
The summit must lead to concrete solutions , particularly as regards cooperation on cleaning up the areas of Innovative and Joint Research and Development in the field of renewable energy .
I strongly condemn the practice of violence against women , and also children , in recent conflicts in the Middle East and North Africa , and I would like to call for the most suitable measures to be taken to protect their most fundamental rights and their dignity .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , the Commission would be in favour of postponing the vote .
There are many petitions in this regard .
Finally , in order to avoid distortion of competition , it is essential that a third country fund , the EU is given a passport and can carry out its activities if they observe the same conditions as EU funds are respected .
Their role is becoming more explicit by day .
Vice-President of the Commission . - The Commission knows that there are several other third countries that still do not recognise the principle of reciprocity in respect of all EU Member States .
Voting time
However , we can not blame workers , small farmers or entrepreneurs for this situation .
We do not have money for the sake of money .
It can not be said freely or speak of the opinion .
It should be possible to reduce the existing 60 blocs and control centres up to 15 - 20 .
Furthermore , it is clear that innovation and research are both sides of the coin .
These exemptions will benefit the outermost regions .
Let me say a few words about the EU 's guidance .
I am pleased with the compromise reached on this regulation in the course of negotiations between the three institutions , and I obviously also welcome the spirit of cooperation and the willingness to compromise that prevailed in the three institutions during the entire negotiations .
In the current difficult economic situation , we can not afford to ignore the opportunities contained in the current agreement on our two regions in terms of employment and growth .
Instead , Europe could use culture in foreign affairs as a two-way street , that is , at the same time , to learn and learn , as well as to maintain fruitful dialogue with other major regional blocs like Mercosur or the Association of South-East Asia ( ASEAN ) .
I therefore still believe that , by engaging with Turkmenistan , we will be in a better position to offer our arguments to the benefit of a more prosperous society in this country .
The proposed EU action plan with 12 points relating to the Millennium Development Goals was also addressed .
The fact that there is also a shortage of donors , and that this feeds some terrible criminal activities .
The aim is also to increase flexibility , to reform , as you say , to the labour market - in other words , to create flexicurity without security .
The report drafted by EU support has concluded that , by 125 million citizens are affected by energy poverty .
The Commission 's system of response to humanitarian emergency was at the same time triggered in Brussels and in the regional office of the European Commission for humanitarian aid in the 15th External Action Service .
It does not deal with the fundamental issue , namely to ensure a credible defence of Europe and cooperation with NATO on an equal footing .
In fact , Article 182 of the Treaty of Lisbon guarantees the legal basis for future developments in this area .
( Applause )
One of them is the proposal for a single EU foreign policy .
A good example is the common agricultural policy .
We need better control of external borders , more security , we need biometric data and we need our interconnected messages .
It will suffer those who need credit .
Fourthly , the Commission must bear political responsibility .
In this situation , I support the promotion and extension of Erasmus programmes for young entrepreneurs and Erasmus for the likes of working workers ' .
This report calls for the strengthening of fundamental standards relating to employment enshrined in the ILO conventions , and include freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining , the elimination of forced and compulsory labour , the elimination of discrimination in the workplace and the end of child labour .
Its global cocaine , poverty ( 80 % of India 's population live with less than USD 2 per day ) and diseases .
Commissioner , thank you for your information on the Commission 's activities .
This represents a strong message of Parliament that action is needed .
However , the police must also sit down and listen to .
This is nothing to do with the party policy ; it is simply a fact .
We must ensure that they have sufficient information about the product and so on , so that they can make a wise and informed choice .
These views will be taken into account as far as possible , taking account the realities and specificities of this particular negotiation process into account .
In short , every gesture and every action that intensify the importance of human rights are important and we must speak openly about this , particularly in the case of countries where fundamental human rights are violated .
That is incomprehensible .
We expect Russian troops to be withdrawn from Abkhazia and South Ossetia and Russia to respect the right of Georgia to decide their future .
I would like to mention the case of Turkey .
( EL ) Madam President , I too would like to raise the question of tar sands ; this is a question of the question , as it is the reason why we have similar agreement with Canada - an international agreement on the Kyoto Protocol - is not respected .
I firmly believe , Commissioner , that the European Parliament will be pleased to help you in implementing this task .
The introduction of these systems must be completed .
To date , what the European Commission has negotiated throughout the world is the opposite of equality .
Perhaps if we were to decide what we were to allocate to those who were to be before we were to go to production , we would spend a far less than if we were to sell it on the market and we would have a policy to support certain markets in crisis such as the dairy market .
At the same time , Mr Dalli , we have the obligation to inform everyone who choose to spend their holidays in a European country on the rights that they have had up to now and , more importantly , to inform it about the gaps and improvements that we want to do .
Of course , the analysts of the market can well read between the stress tests and another similar information and evaluate what is happening in the balances of banks .
The proposal largely draws inspiration from the European Regulation on CO2 emissions from light vehicles , which is in force since 2008 .
Serbia has hidden potential that must be realised on its path to EU membership and should do so on behalf of its own interest and in the name of the interests of its neighbours , the region as a whole and the European Union .
While I am strongly criticising the approach to the whole of the European Union , I agree with the approach of the whole island .
This was confirmed by the European Commission , and last week we confirmed it and we in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , without one voice against .
For Belarus , and also for Ukraine , the Ukrainian system of Russia , characterised by a flexible approach to foreign policy and a firm approach in internal politics and oppression , is clearly more attractive and more than the EU can offer .
In this House , we must unequivocally state that the same rights as the citizens of other free European countries , and this includes the right to demonstrate freely in Minsk today , when it comes to 91 years from the independence of Belarus .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
I would like to say that we would like to look more to the present and future than to the past .
The new organisation I support will make the programme more efficient and modern , both in terms of agricultural policy and from a social perspective .
In this context , I have the following question : how can it be positive to the fact that in Canada , an area of an area of Austria 's area of area is destroyed every year in connection with the exploitation of these tar sands and that the entire livelihoods of indigenous communities are destroyed ?
Officially , we do not have access to this information , but through international organisations , NGOs , academics , political parties and , so on , we are receiving information - which is quite incoherent - for the situation of political prisoners .
You should also give pressure on the Welsh nuclear lobbyists of the United Kingdom , which leads us to the main theme .
The vote underlines that there is no equality between Member States and in no political group there is no solidarity .
There are currently new technologies which can fundamentally improve transport safety ( for example , electronic control systems ) or reduce the amount of CO2 emissions ( for example , tyre low resistance ) if such technologies are regarded as standard of new vehicles .
It reflects an extremely impressive socialist approach of governance and control over economic policy , which is not appropriate to address the problems of the 21st century .
Such restrictions also exist in terms of access to tender in third countries .
As a champion of civil rights , I have a duty to oppose this decision .
The populists is rapidly increasing and represent a real risk for Europe .
Finally , I can assure you that I have followed developments closely in food prices and , in future , I would like to work , I am addressing you here in Parliament and the Council on this issue , so that it will come forward with concrete proposals , above all with the reform of the common agricultural policy , but also with other , more robust instruments .
This is what I would call in my country , one of the European Parliament 's most formal dossiers .
The Eastern Partnership does not have an attempt to control this area or extend its sphere of influence .
A more Europe is also a driving force for innovation ; to strengthen Europe 's competitiveness , high-speed trains , transmission networks of electricity on a remote distance and high-tech transmission networks .
We voted in favour of the own-initiative report highlighting gender aspects , with privatisations , condemns various situations and insisting on a set of measures to combat discrimination against women .
Many of them apply for asylum in European countries .
Only then will I decide to vote in favour of further counterterrorism laws .
In this way , the European Union 's strategic reserve for combating forest fires proved its usefulness to be reaffirmed .
The figures show that this is a useful tool , and 54 000 orders were issued for arrest and 12 000 have been met .
For example , the process must be improved in which licence is issued for oil drilling or given the facilities of third countries .
I have therefore chosen to vote against the report as a whole , but I am positively addressing some parts of the proposal and voted in favour .
In some Member States , it is possible to imagine one more than EUR 1 000 .
However , the last attempt is not so encouraging compared to the two Members said yesterday during the debate on several Members .
In view of this , we want to introduce some new situations , including contracts between enterprises and between enterprises and consumers regulated by an optional instrument which will extend the choice of the contractual parties and establishing a monitoring and revision mechanism to ensure that the optional instrument is agreed with market needs and legal and economic developments .
I therefore supported this report .
The motion for a resolution is empty words aimed at making people forget that Parliament can only accept or reject .
There is no reason for us to wait for the Commission 's procedure .
The debate is closed .
It has successfully included as part of the motion for a resolution , the need for Member States to implement measures aimed at achieving territorial cohesion .
Parliament even allocates EUR 5 million from the European Union budget for this year , in order to facilitate the implementation of this clause .
If the rapporteur had to present the report on the initiative on Monday evening , it would have four minutes .
There must be no confusion in jungle of vague charges and payments .
Innovation encourages synergies between traditional and artisanal areas of activity .
This does not mean that we do not respect the fundamental values of the EU , or that we do not fully respect the requirements laid down in European and international law .
Firstly , the first and principal objective of structural policy must be to promote real cohesion , the bridging role of a tool for redistribution , in terms of costs , inequalities and inequalities caused by the internal market , economic and monetary union and the liberalisation of global trade , for countries and regions in the European Union , which are the least developed in economic terms .
This modern slavery is deeply etched in poverty and exclusion , and therefore the elimination of unacceptable living conditions in which many Roma are set , must be a major strategic objective .
I hope that will remain so .
Japan is currently in need of real help .
It will offer an alternative source to this in the Nabucco project .
National management declarations should help us to a significant extent to see how these monies are used by national authorities and who is responsible for using these funds .
In the South-East Europe , the definition of synergies is where there is the ability of a group to go even its best individual .
As far as the financial side is concerned , I asked the initial proposal to be reconsidered .
Mr President , the Stockholm Programme is part of the creation of a common legal and judicial system in the European Union .
Therefore , ladies and gentlemen , if everything is simple and clear , as some speakers have said this afternoon , let the European Commission , as an executive , to establish whether the Hungarian text is legally compatible with the basic principles of the European Union 's platform and things will clarify .
Furthermore , the report claims that the reduction in the budget will jeopardise European solidarity and economic development .
( PL ) Mr President , in the second half of September this year , Russia and Belarus conducted military exercises with the Armenians in the West ' and the South Atlantic Alliance of Nuclear Power Plant .
Fortunately , my country , Ireland , is a member of the euro area , as the current currency is a source of stability for Ireland and for other countries at the present time of unprecedented turmoil and a global recession .
With regard to the vicious rehabilitation of the European Bank for Development , which is a risky tool financed by the EDF to promote private investment in the context of the difficult economic and political circumstances for ACP countries , I have very mixed feelings of the idea that the EIB should present a report as part of the discharge procedure , but this will be the subject of debate , especially if Parliament hopes that the Union will become more dynamic in the EIB .
Consequently , the provisions laid down by Directive 2003/37/EC relating to agricultural and forestry tractors , their trailers and interchangeable towed machinery , together with their systems , components and separate technical units , apply to this directive .
On 11 March , Japan has been hit by a strong earthquake , followed by the tsunami , which caused the greatest nuclear crisis in the history of the country , following the Fukushima nuclear plant , has suffered serious structural damage since since it was at the immediate risk of triggering a nuclear catastrophe on a huge scale .
I share the rapporteur 's view .
We realise that another framework is needed for compliance with international law .
Mr President , I will quote John Monks and I will continue to be Swedish , if all humanity had one of the same opinion , and only one person would be on a person who would not have a more than a person who would have a person to do so , if he had the authority , would have had such power , it would have the right to make mankind to attack .
This result will be very well confronted by performers in the EU .
Innovation Union will use public money in the best way .
We would like to hear the Commissioner 's speech , Viviane Reding , on these issues .
I would like to send a very clear message to the Commission .
We would like to see it .
I call on the Council and the Commission to choose unequivocally the Nabucco project .
It seems to be blind to the problems in this area .
Moreover , the earthquake hit the poorest country of the western hemisphere , where 80 % of the population live below the poverty line , and 54 % - in the end of poverty .
I sincerely ask you to support this compromise .
The Council of Europe is currently working on a new anti-discrimination regulation , and I would like to draw attention to three aspects .
That is something we oppose .
Finally , I hope that efforts will be made to deal with delays .
There was no link between the two .
The links between the EU and Ukraine have always been closely and based on constructive dialogue .
These are the only power stations that are completely safe .
The most recent examples are the cases of people who are extradited to interrogation without being handed over .
In what extent and where do the different Member States have exceeded their rail lines and trains with national systems for the dealer ?
So the banks are working .
I am voting in favour of the motion for a resolution because I am convinced that the accession negotiations with Croatia can be completed during the first semester of 2011 , provided that the implementation of the necessary reforms continue .
The next item is the joint debate on the Commission 's declarations of declarations on
It provides more clarity , as the provisions governing a subject are often spread in different legislative texts .
It is important to preserve the two-pillar structure of two pillars , to maintain direct payments and , in particular , a strong rural development policy , to increase competitiveness and strengthen ecological awareness .
Origin marking is not a one-way street ; it is a commitment to transparency in trade rules and to combating unfair competition .
Our idea , I hope you will agree with it , is that the Commission should coordinate the initiative .
Yes , it is true that politicians should not manage businesses , but they must be involved in creating fertile ground for the growth of businesses in Europe .
The answer to the question whether the way in which national government has been the criminal law on EIA was correct and in accordance with the spirit of our European regulations .
The document approved today emphasises the need for additional support from the European Investment Bank ( EIB ) in areas of strategic importance for the recovery of the European economy : small and medium-sized enterprises , companies with average capitalisation and other key projects to promote growth and employment as part of the Europe 2020 strategy , urges the EIB to invest in freight in the European rail sector , as well as in other Trans-European rail networks , with the emphasis on port of the Mediterranean , the Black Sea and the Baltic Sea , in order to finally link with European markets .
It seems that Croatia was prepared to be guided by its past , for example by supporting the refugees of the war .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the unanimous vote in the Committee on Budgetary Control , the decision to refuse discharge to you today is vital for our institution .
The portfolio will also contribute to preparing the green paper on the potential of cultural and creative industries , which is currently in the process of drafting and expects the Commission to be presented at the beginning of 2010 .
The agreement reached by Mr Oettinger over the last few months is an example for all of us .
Yet again , you are not wasting when the authorities in Slovakia , a Member State of the European Union , wanted to restrict minorities ' rights to use their own language .
Many speakers have mentioned the obligations that may have to take , depending on whether there is a new Palestinian government in Palestine .
In the meantime , changes , particularly as a result of the agreement on textiles and clothing of the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) in 2005 , the abolition of the first evidence of origin of products appeared to be justified , which is why I voted for the repeal of this regulation .
In particular , I welcome the compromises that were achieved as a result of our debates in committee .
However , last year Poland has suddenly asked for extradition to be extradition .
I would also like to remind you that the situation in which we need to deepen our efforts in Europe within legally binding targets , but conditions need .
Things need to change ; we need penalties , we need to be and more targeted .
However , South Sudan also needs a strong EU support in political terms .
What I fear is that in these countries such as Hungary , governments will not be of maximum support for it .
I repeat : absolutely does not meet .
A long-term vision and a new energy strategy is needed to achieve the 20-20-20 targets of the climate and energy package by 2020 .
All the European institutions that depend on the European Union budget have to be thoroughly audited by the Court of Auditors and by all entities with that function .
This is also the reason why our group demands a vote on the urgent issue that we have proposed , not the famous phrase that you have submitted .
It is not enough to pretend that there is supervision .
Criminals in Europe have no longer allowed to take advantage of our open borders , as they might possibly do .
Our objective is a fruitful summit with clear results .
Sixty and sixth anniversary of the release of the celebrated anniversary , which we celebrated on 27 January this year , is a reminder that the Roma are the third group of the victims of this camp .
Ensuring that the second round of elections , the second round of February , will be held correctly , is the only way to put an end to the political crisis .
My main desire was to defend the prerogatives of Parliament 's parliamentary institution .
The economy of Belarus is on its knees and Russia is no longer willing to keep it up .
It can be improved and can be used more widely so that the public can be assured in this tool that this instrument is probably used in the best way .
This is the only way to successfully reduce the bureaucracy for micro-enterprises and achieve a balance .
The moral means that all sectoral policies - trade policy , agricultural policy , all external action - must be linked to a single policy ; a policy that is coherent with the global objectives we pursue .
We are extremely concerned about the fate of many people who have been detained and we are calling for their immediate release , and we also believe that the European Parliament as a whole should do the same .
We therefore need to discuss it , and now .
Forests can not be maintained without any air carriers of pesticides .
Our responsibility to protect citizens ' rights is fundamental and we always emphasise this .
It is gratifying that Parliament 's assessment be given to the positive position of the Committee on Civil and Consumer Rights ( Bulgaria and Romania ) to hear that their institutions have done the necessary and most readily to the Schengen Alliance already in green belts .
If we were to adopt the final proposal of the Council , we would not be able to argue that we are defending the wish of ordinary citizens of Scotland not to be meat from cloned animals .
A Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement between Canada and the European Union can be the most ambitious and most ambitious , which we have hitherto drawn up .
Madam President , I would prefer the European Parliament to have been beset by this serious legal failure and , nonetheless , I offer my fellow countrymen greetings to you and my fellow Members .
However , so that it can function effectively , this body must give broad powers and it must also be given a mandate to monitor the banks that operate a cross-border basis outside national borders .
Unfortunately , although the issue has been reviewed several times , this has still been done .
Finally , with regard to the report on the cultural dimension of EU external action , I would like to emphasise the importance of culture in our cooperation policies .
The report from the Commission on legal issues concern only the codification of different regulations , as the unanimous opinion of the legal services .
The creation of the G20 is the Secretary of State Sarkozy , who believes that the world economy is no longer governed by the eight , but also by all the developing countries .
It is important that the Member States of the European Union fight for the implementation of the UN General Assembly Resolution on a universal moratorium .
( LV ) Mr President , Mr Barroso , Mr Reinfeldt , firstly , I would like to congratulate the Swedish Government on the objectives that has been brought to its Presidency .
It is precisely my written statement on the construction of a new nuclear power plant in Belarus , which I presented to my fellow Members for a signature and hope that , after this vote , it will receive even greater support for this vote , it will receive even greater support .
I still believe that some kind of European Arrest Warrant is a necessary instrument for combating crime and terrorism throughout the Union , particularly given the massive free movement of people between Member States , including - regrettably - and criminals .
That was what was agreed .
Mr President , we received information that the boat of Libya , the most recent refugees , has been a disastrous accident in the Mediterranean .
You can not complain that the European Parliament deals with these issues , and then you are not happy that nuclear technology are not safe enough .
To be possible , we must face the challenges of the digital age , not only in the information society based on knowledge , but above all in the cultural and creative sector .
It is so simple .
You are now presenting us with the College of Commissioners , who best answers to your programme .
After all , thanks to their efforts , the compromise that was finally achieved is delivering on its purpose , that is , removing the situation where the prospect of work is an incentive for illegal immigration , by actually penalising workers who are illegally in the European Union .
One of these challenges is to increase the proportion of women in the management of public and private companies - not least in the financial sector .
As a keys to creative thinking and ideas , we can all win the intellectual and economic advantages .
Such an exaggeration is the denying of the mathematics that proves once again that men and women behave differently in their different aspects , and therefore they are in line with different levels of insurance and other risks .
It is estimated that over 40 million people live in poverty and around 40 million are threatened by poverty .
Secondly , I believe that , as a Member State of the European Union , Greece must understand European models for reconciliation with history and make every effort to ensure that the dispute over the name of Macedonia is not an obstacle to the country 's progress , as any other attitude is contrary to the spirit and fate of Europe .
Within the framework of the OSCE , Member States coordinate their work to ensure that the commitments made by the OSCE 's overseas states in this area are respected and fulfilled .
I expected that it would be more paid if not the greatest attention , of the economic crisis we are still experiencing , but as it sees , this Parliament must fight itself for the interests of citizens and convince them that Europe is not the source of the problems but that it can find an effective medicine for them .
It seems that the most dangerous thing is , but the foundations of our financial system are still being undermined .
If a country like Belgium wants to ensure that Europe can not take decisions on behalf of Belgium in the future , then it is high time that we ask the responsible for the policy of recognising its responsibility for citizens and not interfere in the Commission 's work to preserve the scoreboard or the social policy of Belgium .
Unfortunately , the word `` writer ' is used in translations .
In view of the positive experience in Switzerland following the introduction of heavy goods vehicles , there are no objections to the new directive .
Therefore , on 1 January 2009 , employment with disabilities and those whose job capacity has changed has been hit by the crisis .
The first thing I would like to say is that some Members of this House must show little humility and a little common sense , because they are doing so that they are the only ones who ever survived nuclear safety and the only ones concerned about the future of their children and humanity .
And , most importantly : can its scope be extended to products that are not energy-related - on all products ?
Faced with this situation where farmers are not getting richer , and consumers are making it difficult to eat their own food at the table , it is not enough to call for transparency or to condemn the pan-European distribution practices .
The costs of additional security should ultimately be borne by Member States .
Madam President , this practice must change .
We call for transparency , restrictions on illegal activities , taking responsibility , assessing these agencies from independent authorities , which will guarantee their impartiality and strict enforcement of the rules .
This is extremely important .
However , we must feel ashamed of the enlargement process .
Perhaps the next report could look into this matter more closely .
Of course , the Council is still very difficult to meet the next few days .
In this House , at least two different countries are represented .
I think it is very good that , in some points , Commissioner Reding has been shaken by her proposal .
Unemployment is rising , and access to funding is a huge problem , especially for small and medium-sized enterprises .
On the other hand , the US , which benefit from the full abolition of the visa requirement throughout the European Union , refuse to grant reciprocity to Romania , Bulgaria , Poland and Cyprus .
Then there would be a high risk of the legitimacy of the conventions that have already been adopted , to be undermined - something that I do not wish to participate .
Implementation of the Goldstone recommendations on Israel and Palestine (
in writing . - ( PL ) The Czech Presidency comes at a difficult time for the whole of the European Union .
There is still a lot we need to do , and we must make sure that the building of democracy is a large part of this journey , but we are involved in travel and what we can do .
The European Union plays an active role in Arctic matters .
This is a priority , but there are much more concrete proposals in the report on which the foundations have already been laid down with the Treaty of Lisbon and with the ratification of the UNESCO conventions .
As for the death penalty , a positive sign in this regard is the fact that Chinese court has been reviewing once again all the death sentences issued by 2007 and we have allowed some of them to be lifted .
This is the principle I have spoken when we debated and admit REACH in this House .
As far as India is concerned , I am concerned at present , there is no will from the government to achieve a result .
Regional cooperation and the European agenda are linked .
This agreement will benefit , above all , from Estonia 's citizens , Latvia , Malta and Cyprus , which still need a visa to enter Brazil .
There is a sense that , as far as it contributes to society as a whole , but if someone is carrying out business activity to replace other , rogue traders and companies with a business directory , only because of their own enrichment and using the most mobile telephones , is a clear fraud , even though they are protesting , that they are not doing nothing illegally .
Effective redress and promoting human rights and fundamental freedoms constitute the basis of democracy and the rule of law in the European Union and are a fundamental condition for consolidating the European area of freedom , security and justice , which requires action at several levels ( international , European , national , regional and local ) .
In my visit to Haiti , I have the impression that we have actually done a lot of good work - with regard to the civil protection teams from individual countries and our own work .
On the issue of instability , it will be addressed in the reform of the common agricultural policy for 2013 .
We are talking about a pragmatic approach .
The presence of the Council today is the first sign that the Council is changing .
Composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
Can we agree then , Commissioner , Vice-President , that when the Council of Ministers does not manage to support a clear limit of the revenue from Eurovignettes , then you will withdraw the proposal ?
In the context of increased awareness of people in Europe on health issues and very high standards for environmental protection and health in Europe , it is unacceptable to have carcinogenic substances that are used in Europe .
It would also be possible to put additional funds into the measures that will be adopted in Copenhagen at the end of the year .
The political climate is a challenge .
Ladies and gentlemen , what is we needed today ?
It will not be possible to stop the flow of 148 000 tonnes of methane , because there are no transit or transit stations .
This is positive .
What was the final result ?
These areas , together with vegetable and animal species and ecosystems , which are part , are generally in a situation .
The fuels should be authorised as early as possible in the wake of the storage facilities in the DNA reserve , with a priority of the oldest radioactive waste .
Madam President , under the IMF report on the global financial stability , the financial crisis will cost USD 4 billion .
I believe that European citizens must be informed both at European and national level on the risks of health from such products , which are more widely exploited by various uncontrolled websites or by the illegal supply chain , taking into account the fact that the Internet is one of the main routes for falsified medicines entering the EU market .
The concern is a break with the way in which seals are broken , the methods used to kill them and the pain that cause .
However , they have also made huge errors .
Thirdly , there is a change in energy policy .
In 1999 , the Agreement on Trade , development and cooperation was concluded between the European Community and its Member States and the Republic of South Africa , which entered into force on 1 May 2004 .
In one respect , there is a difference between the wishes of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and the wishes of the other groups , I am saying that we do not support the continuation of the conclusion of partnership agreements , unlike the one that we have previously taken .
The Commission is confident that the parts of the text agreed on are balanced and that they reflect our needs while also taking into account the concerns of Turkey .
However , because of differences in culture and traditions , as well as within the organisation system , there are different approaches to this issue in the Member States .
Despite improvements in the workplace and the increasing number of women in positions of responsibility , there is still a need for greater awareness of equal treatment .
The Services Directive was itself a very weak compromise and less than an absolute minimum required to achieve a true internal market .
The review of the current financial framework is a good opportunity for reflection , not only for the way available resources are allocated , but also for the future form of the European Union budget .
There are still markets of raw materials in energy policy , for example , where transparency must be increased .
The European Union responded quickly , but not to make advertising but by focusing all its attention on the provision of assistance to those who need to be given .
They are approximately equal .
Today , we in this House need to adopt it in a radically different situation , and small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) are experiencing exceptional difficulties and face a number of obstacles , as they are affected by the crisis in industry and by the financial crisis .
Let us therefore support good taxation policies without , however , imposing them .
I voted for Amendment 4 .
I believe that the tax on financial transactions is an effective financing measure which will contribute to reducing speculation and public deficits .
It is therefore very important not to aim at a purely technical revision of the Treaties , but to address the two main problems in the euro area which the crisis has revealed .
At European level , we already have excellent instruments for protecting biodiversity ; I am thinking of the Natura 2000 network programme or the habitats Directive .
British media avoid the reality of the European Union , the heads of people are filling with television developers , and the machines claim that the European Union does not have any influence on local problems .
I would like to hear from the Council what will do in support of Italian initiatives to improve reception facilities .
Since it has been four years since the entry into force of Regulation ( EC ) No 1905/2006 and since the Commission has already announced that it will table proposals relating to the Multiannual Financial Framework for the period after 2013 , a short analysis of the results achieved and future development funds will be made .
What is your view of the social aspect , that of working burden on the workplace , and in particular in the workplace ?
None of this has happened during the debate in the Committee on Petitions , unfortunately , for once again , it avoided answering our questions .
I therefore hope that the Commission will ensure that all these CE and ethical labelling systems will retain their entirety and that they will not be undervalued , turning into the false instruments of organisations aimed at persuading consumers that they are environmental and ethical , while actually hide .
Let us not repeat the mistakes and the private sector 's failures , which led to the financial and banking crisis .
In my opinion , it is wrong that blame is attributed to the mismanagement of the market and shows a lack of courage to face up to the necessary reforms .
We have therefore voted against this report , although we approve certain points in it , and particularly those in which the Commission is requesting clarification .
In addition , following the implementation of this project , the inhabitants of the region in question will have an alternative to air transport .
The creation of democratic institutions requires a huge effort from the people , and Europe working with the EIB for years , could give them valuable support during this transition period in building infrastructure and strengthening local businesses .
However , in today 's world , we also need to develop excellent coordination in terms of policies and security .
However , much work needs to be done .
I also think that the launch of negotiations on the head of justice and fundamental rights can provide the ideal context of promoting Turkey towards making progress on the path of reforms in this area , which I believe is our common goal .
That is the least he and his family can expect or be given the right to .
We must not forget , however , that our main objective is to limit terrorism , because terrorism is still a real threat , including in Europe .
Together , we can minimise the effects of the unforeseen events such as the disruption of gas gas that we experienced last winter .
I must say that it is worth extremely bad legal practice , all to criminalise theory and then rely on the courts to be able to apply the law .
Indeed , some of the owners of part of this continent have their plans for it .
I believe that this comprehensive legislative text is a small step , however , which is of the utmost importance for equal treatment between men and women .
In the case of PVC , however , I believe that a very careful approach will be taken to find a compromise between the objective requirements of environmental protection and the interests of the manufacturing sector .
This is a false offensive for the political powers of the one-way street Europe , which voted in the European Parliament for a directive , including everything else and the detention of illegal immigrants for purposes 18 months , to express the most recent outbreaks of the unfortunate circumstances of their detention and to call for them not to be detained .
With regard to this financial instrument , it is possible to provide financial assistance for ACP countries ( ACP ) in the restructuring of sugar production and financial support provided for five programmes : food safety ; the environment and sustainable development of natural resources , including energy sources ; migration and asylum ; human resources ; the role of local authorities and non-governmental organisations in development processes .
The main labour standards are laid down in the eight ILO conventions focusing on the freedom of association and collective bargaining , the elimination of forced and compulsory labour , the elimination of discrimination in terms of employment and on professional grounds and the elimination of child labour .
Parliament expects Article 290 of the Treaty , describing the procedure known as delegated acts , to be implemented in the adoption of the strategic documents and multiannual action programmes .
Now that the institutional problem is resolved , with the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and the election of the new Commission , is beginning a new phase in the history of the Union .
The fact that this proposal has been tabled by the Commission and the Commissioner for the seventh , is extremely important .
We need to make a partnership positive and constructive .
Every year we are losing waste to the estimated EUR 4.5 trillion of the process of production of the Amazon .
The Nepalese Government issued a statement that the demonstrations of Tibetans are in breach of the policy of single China and confirmed that they will not allow the acts of the violent actions of their land .
The earthquake is a great tragedy .
Member States or in the case of Germany federal states must conduct their own debates on the protection of non-smokers .
Parliament must strongly condemn and , above all , call on the Mexican Government to finally stop being ineffective in terms of criminals and obviously so authoritarian , for example , in terms of trade unions , workers and civil society movements .
I voted in favour of this report as I believe it is important that socio-economic analyses be carried out with the help of suitable instruments that will complement GDP .
I voted in favour of the Regulation establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation .
After all , transparency has become an occasion for concern for both the Commission and the European Parliament .
Today we sent a clear message to Belarus .
We must , of course , be sensitive to the imposition of our wretched and progressive values of others , because this sometimes may lead to the opposite result .
The next item is the joint debate on :
I believe that we have taken the right decision to enable patients to obtain information on several tracks , not just one .
The most important reason for this is that the error rate remains very high .
It is therefore obvious that the need for regulation of domestic work so that they do not continue to be put in place in place , not particularly decent conditions and can enjoy rights such as the right to social security , protection of health and safety , maternity protection , maternity protection , while traffic restrictions at work , rest and freedom of assembly and representation .
The stress tests for nuclear power plants in the European Union provide the operators an excuse to continue to exploit their reactors and have the aim of conceal the real risk that they are so-called residues risks , particularly if power plants should not be closed when the results of the stress tests are negative .
The procedure includes introducing a series of analysing macroeconomic indicators , the possibility for the Commission to prepare a study on Eurobonds by the end of the year , integrated review of sanctions as the last step , both in terms of macro-economic imbalances and in relation to the Stability and Growth Pact , as well as the question of introducing reversed qualified majority voting for Council decisions .
It is also entirely obvious that we need an energy mix containing different energy sources which are as much as being forged , as this will stabilise the energy situation and , as a result , the various needs of each nation and Europe will be met .
We welcome Tajikistan 's interest in cooperation and support their efforts .
Violence of recent days and weeks has brought some huge gaps in this plan , which is necessary to alleviate the suffering of the people , particularly the people of Gaza .
As far as the neighbours are concerned , we condemn the war with Georgia , the pressure on Ukraine , the recognition of President Lukashenko in Belarus and the Republic of Moldova as a result of the Transnistria conflict .
It must be pointed out that the objective of the European Union 's common policy in this area is to keep high standards in asylum as a means of protecting the most fundamental , procedural principles of the Geneva Convention and the most comprehensive protocol using common criteria for determining people who really need international protection and guaranteed a total of a minimum level of benefits in all Member States in relation to care for these people .
I do not believe that this is the right path .
The Presidency is aware of many of the problems that persist .
We must not allow this opportunity to get out of hand .
While recognising the role of the agencies for providing information and boosting the liquidity in the market , it is now quite clear that financial operators have suffered too much to their judgments and that their actions contributed to triggering the financial crisis .
This recommendation is clear and I support it .
On the other hand , we have the positive attitude towards opening up trade relations linked to agricultural produce and the rules on health and plant protection necessary for exchanges between the blocks .
Under the motto of the European Union , the 'European Union 's 'united in diversity ' is not only understood the different nationalities of the EU , but above all , citizens of the European Union with their individual differences .
There are public finances , and therefore the prospects for financial stability , which has forced us and still forces us to take urgent joint measures .
We see the need for a common EU energy policy in the light of recent events linked to the supply of gas in Central and Eastern Europe , but , although it is one of the key innovations of the Treaty of Lisbon , I regret that this point has not been highlighted enough in the debates that has not been highlighted in the ratification of the Treaty .
Japan 's tariffs are being buried .
Currently , protection orders stop at our border by leaving the victim to the victim .
The report points out this fact , but it does not go to the roots of the problem that often lie in parallel societies , the Islamic structures or organised criminal groups of traffickers .
National authorities will have to examine this area in a coordinated manner from today , given the data that Eurocontrol provides daily and continuous , every six hours to decide whether or not to create air corridors or zones in which flights will be authorised .
If we want to achieve the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy , the EU will be a dynamic and competitive economy , we will probably have to allow immigration to workers on a greater scale from the current , particularly in view of the demographic challenge that we face .
It is essential that Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina be included in the very first possible list of Schengen , and the Commission must fully ensure the necessary technical support of the authorities of these two countries in order to implement the necessary requirements as soon as possible .
However , recent catastrophes highlighted certain weaknesses in the EU 's ability to act swiftly , effectively and coordinated .
I believe that extending the EIB mandate to include operational guidelines which will be developed by the Commission in cooperation with the EIB , following consultation with the European External Action Service , is a step in the right direction to achieve the EU 's foreign policy objectives .
We are still considering , and I hope that we will adopt new rules on providing common information on consumers ' food and various issues such as the most advanced and more expensive products .
Applying Article 81 ( 3 ) of the Treaty on certain categories of agreements , decisions and coherent practices between companies for navigation (
Madam President , I rise as a democrat and someone who believes that greater involvement in the democratic process should be promoted .
This is an important fact that demonstrates the will and Parliament 's ability to propose as a candidate to play a central role in the shaping of the basis of what I would call a dynamic reading of the Treaty of Lisbon .
For example , we had a great reform of the sugar market , which reduced sugar production in Europe with a third and closing the eyes of a very rich .
On behalf of the taxpayers , we want real added value for the funds spent at EU level .
I would therefore like to congratulate the rapporteur on the outcome that has been achieved a little thanks to efforts to compromise between all groups in an ambitious and encouraging report .
Finally , Mr President , I would like to say that it should be possible for us to be flexible in using the budget .
Now it is time to act and to fully implement these plans .
The European Parliament is therefore proposing a wide information campaign .
Draft general budget for the European Union for the financial year 2010 , as modified by the Council - Draft amending budget No 1/2010 for the European Union for the financial year 2009 , Section III - Commission - Mobilisation of the Flexibility Instrument - Financing projects in the context of the European Economic Recovery Plan ( debate )
I therefore call on you all to vote in favour of our amendment , the number 4 , which aims to include a new paragraph 2 in paragraph 30 of the report on Macedonia .
I am also of the opinion that it is extremely important to take long-term buildings policy into account the costs of maintaining buildings .
Africa is no longer an exclusive territory of Europe , and that is very well .
I also agree with Commissioner Andor , who says that EU citizens expect systems aimed at results .
Since the city that wishes to turn its backs on the past and looks enthusiasm for its future in Europe will mark in 2014 a few important milestones , I would like this year to Sarajevo be designated as a 'European Capital of Culture .
The recent process , which since 2002 , lays the foundations for greater cooperation with regard to the policies of Member States in relation to vocational education and training , is particularly important .
The EU should make better use of its foreign policy instruments to ensure better use of its influence in multilateral organisations and make a more effective leading role in tackling current and future international crises .
Our aim must be to create the foundations for dynamic planning , which is making technical progress to enable the various groups of consumers to be more advanced , thereby achieving greater economic and social benefits of this valuable resource .
Thirdly , the Commission has carefully monitored the impact of SEPA on clients through studies .
We must make more effort to implement three key priorities : firstly , to encourage entrepreneurship , secondly , to improve the employability of young people through the adaptation of education to the needs of the labour market , and thirdly , to enable young people to play a more active role in society .
Moreover , the same claim is true for rural and urban areas .
Let us elect the adoption of the plan a few weeks earlier , but without full support for all parties , it may not be the most appropriate way to achieve the objectives in which we believe .
Mr President , I also welcome the three key areas - the vulnerability of the least developed countries ( LDCs ) , sustainable development and the promotion of economic growth .
Both the US and China have very quickly increased their renewable energy industries .
As regards Neighbourhood Policy countries , I believe that this is the most important part of your portfolio , Lady Ashton .
The aim was to make the European Union more effective , moving in a situation where Europe speaks with a single voice .
The fact that sanctions should be imposed if the Member States fail to fail to write their homework ' is also a sign of progress .
On the other hand , I believe that we must and can do much more to encourage the relocation of freight traffic from road to water roads , where one more likely to export a burden as many as 15 or less .
In an increasingly globalised world , it is vital for the EU to benefit from its international influence to ensure the protection of workers ' rights in a way that personal dignity is respected .
My country was also among the affected .
However , all of these sources of funding have very often different procedures and rules , which makes it difficult for EU financial resources and complicates matters to beneficiaries of the various rules that need to be looked at .
The report as it has been adopted by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety with the support of most political groups , except that of the Socialists , is , in fact , only a response to the judgments of the Court of Justice , with some improvements .
The agencies in Darfur are taking the biggest humanitarian operation in the world .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I was very pleased and I felt relief when , on Saturday , the Irish people voted 'yes ' with a two-thirds majority , which is a clear sign that they no longer believe of the false claims and the dreadful record of a minimum wage of EUR 1 600 and that they said 'yes ' to a united Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we are happy that the actions taken by the European Parliament have allowed the Internet to enjoy guaranteed , and now it is also an explicit , protection .
These will be national debates and they will have to be carried out here .
There are similar obstacles in other Member States .
There are problems there .
As a result , the poor .
Cultural and linguistic diversity must be retained , as it is the basis for a healthy Union .
This means allowing countries that have the resources to produce food to do so to help them and their small farmers produce food for their own needs .
We have received a assurance , including the President of the Commission , that the amendments must only be limited , but it seems that the German Government does not share this view .
The Black Sea also has this significance today , in the current time .
I believe that the Commission and Parliament are now in agreement .
The report also contains a deception which continues to come into the EU discussions on culture : there is a single European identity , a unified European culture and even that it is based on values such as freedom , democracy , tolerance and solidarity .
Parliament regularly speaks in favour of this , and I strongly stand behind this measure , which will improve the way of market work through reducing speculation and will contribute to funding global public goods and reducing budget deficits .
The amount that each country will be intended for broadband development and to meet the new challenges which have been identified within the framework of the regular review of the common agricultural policy for 2008 .
Currently , blood stem cells are used mainly for the drug blood recovered , or in other words , blood from the umbilical cord on a child can help another disease , such as leukaemia .
We have to say how we have got to happen .
The phrase of this offensive is the illegal interference in Portugal by the troika ' , the International Monetary Fund , the European Commission and the European Central Bank .
The duty of employers to carry out prior supervision by checking the status of residence permits of their employees is beneficial to the fact that they leave the private sector 's remit - something that the European Union has done just now .
In this case , the Council and , above all , Parliament also involved in deciding on the College as a collective body and the portfolios that you will also set out for the next five years , which you will present .
The convergence of convergence are the most exposed to risk of being affected by natural disasters .
This is intended to eliminate existing physical , administrative and regulatory obstacles and mitigate the 'border effect ' between territories and regions , which allows them to tackle the common challenges , whether they are territorial , common , economic or social .
Now that went bankrupt , which is very unfortunate , Icelandic Government is at the point of time for accession .
Ireland must remain the island of nuclear facilities .
Mr President , the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has put this issue forward and proposed a resolution , as things need to be considered carefully .
The task was very difficult and it has done an excellent job .
Maternity leave is not only an important signal for the two parents to be responsible for children - it also leads to other positive consequences .
Therefore , the debate on human rights violations and democratic standards should cover the entire Southern Caucasus region .
The social policy dimension is aimed at promoting basic social standards in third countries in order to achieve the Millennium Development Goals and ensure worker protection through respect for international labour standards .
I supported the text that has been tabled , as it facilitates the creation of the mechanism and its conciliation procedure .
However , despite its ambitions , the last Copenhagen conference on climate change was a failure to all those who were determined to reach a legally binding agreement .
National disasters and catastrophes must be a priority and I hope that the European Commission will take the most immediate and immediate action in the future .
The EIB 's activity focuses on three areas hit hardest by the crisis , namely SMEs , cohesion between regions and climate action .
Finally , I would like to stress that criticism is not directed against Russia or its people , but just back , against the current government , in order to improve the situation in Russia and our cooperation to become more visible .
Rest assured that you will also tell us , with your work and dedication .
Let us remember that the Commission did not achieve its intentions with the 2005 regulation .
To this end , the Commission does not want to propose solutions to the type of 'use all under one line ' ; on the contrary , we would like to develop a set of instruments , including short- and medium-term practical action , thereby ensuring that cities can be overcome in an integrated way the specific problems in urban mobility .
In this regard , I would like to emphasise particularly the importance of the small and medium-sized enterprises sector and innovation coming from there , as it can be a source of real creativity .
The European Union is ready to strengthen international cooperation in this area in the context of the next review conference of the NPT and other fora .
Mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund : the Czech Republic - the Czech Republic - the Czech Republic - (
I congratulate both the Commissioner and the rapporteur for their very clear speeches and for having made real progress .
The previous speaker reminded us of all those who contributed , for the main stages , to the European monetary system that was an agreement with the European Central Bank for the creation of central courses , the report of Delors ' , which outlined the three stage for the construction of the monetary union , for the Maastricht Treaty , only two years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the transitional periods .
The text has the virtue of proposing solutions to radically rethink policy .
We believe that the negotiations on the EU-US agreement , which concerns 700 million people and will be the most ambitious bilateral agreement in the world .
In accordance with this approach , the Council confirmed its commitment to the protection of those most vulnerable , in the conclusions on the situation of small girls which adopted last year .
The focus should improve the availability of the general public to materials which are essential for research , knowledge and education , as well as strengthening cultural identity .
For me , the direction is clear : I wish a Europe that is open , inclusive and green .
The resolution calls for new measures to be found to help civil society and the opposition in Belarus , as it is right .
The inclusion of the EDF will be made essential if it did not result in a reduction in the total amount of funding at EU level .
This proposal is a breakthrough , because it places the victims first and foremost the problem of integrated , in a way that limits the borders .
I therefore supported today 's proposals .
( Applause )
We have a wonderful climate , our land is our advantage , our forests have seen as being in the California , they have had music games like us and we have reached the same problems as California .
For this , there are various reasons , but I believe that we need to play an important role in local authorities , encouraging them to develop public-private partnerships .
( SK ) I congratulate the authors of the submitted question and you , Commissioner , on your reply .
If no longer can be coal in Europe , we will have to import them from the United States or Australia .
Therefore , this is not the decision of the Greek question .
Mr President , we in the ECR Group want to have more effective control of the EU budget .
In its spirit , the new Hungarian constitution is a European , established in a spirit of ensuring fundamental human rights for its citizens and of the cooperation and unity of the peoples .
Furthermore , it is very important that both parents in the life of the child are still in its first months .
However , I am sure , in one way , that your party is right-wing , the party 's party .
I think it is also important to highlight the fact that during the Presidency and at the moment in which we are here , the European Union is , for the first time , a world actor on one of the most important international issues that humanity has addressed is new and has great responsibility for the future , because it is obvious that whatever is achieved in Copenhagen , the European Union is a fundamental and decisive role in defining the agenda for things that we need to achieve .
We should work to achieve three things .
( PL ) Madam President , the European Union and Russia are negotiating on the future of the energy sector , but as far as I understand , a new group is being created , which will be discussing the third energy package in the context of the security of gas supplies .
We have chosen to give a reply to this .
I now understand from the United Kingdom that there are real concerns in this regard .
in writing . - I congratulate Mr Draghi on his appointment and believe that he is a very capable of a candidate .
This is a formal act , first of all by the Conference of Presidents and then by the whole of Parliament .
Unfortunately , this is only in theory , because Slovakia is disregarding the principles of the EU every day .
After these introductions , I would like to make three comments .
We oppose this .
Of course , it is known that you have always had new demons .
Above all , we must intervene with all the stamina that we are capable and with all the help we can offer to improve the democratic environment in these countries , and in particular to strengthen democratic institutions .
This is the truth , not that it is a job cut - under the Commission 's proposal and the Council working hours a week , because 60 and 65 hours would have been spent for a period of three months .
So we have a mechanism , with means , and we are ready to use them if necessary .
For this reason , I believe that a common approach should be discussed .
Secondly , with regard to the review pursuant to Article 19 , the Commission intends to take , not later on three years after the entry into force of the directive , an impact assessment of the impact on the changes in scope .
It strengthens consumer competition and consumer rights , and this is important to emphasise , because I think it is something that is often forgotten in the debate .
In the case of EU-Russia relations , I welcome already the achievements of the scientific cooperation sector , not only on the common ground , but also common values .
It is rather one of the main obstacles to progress .
It is therefore important that the Council and the Commission carry out an accurate analysis of this topic .
I will also answer Members at the same time as many of your questions overlap .
Is this perhaps helping Greece or Europe ?
I would therefore like to ask a question : how can we protect our small and medium-sized enterprises from bankrupt and how can we protect our small farms from competition coming from China , India and Brazil ?
The adoption of the Treaty means a new stage and an opportunity for the EU to step forward .
I firmly believe that we will be able to overcome this challenge and hopefully succeed in using this period of crisis in order to improve our approach to development .
We must take every opportunity to promote employment and social cohesion .
Change is extremely urgent .
A Europe that belongs to its citizens can only work as a Europe of divorces , subsidiarity and national sovereignty .
Amendment 52 of the report undermines the guarantee of freedom of religious communities themselves in the Member States .
Excellence are the key to everything .
( PL ) Mr President , Egypt is an important economic and commercial partner for the European Union .
I think we will also have to learn about these issues with our partners - not only in fora devoted to human rights , for example , but also to the highest political level .
( DE ) Thank you , Mr President , I welcome this proposal very much .
Repeal of Regulation ( EC ) No 1964/2005 on the tariff rates for bananas (
We are all aware that the work attracting thousands of men and women who cross our borders every day in search of decent work and thus to bring their families closer to them .
And the civil initiatives ?
In fact , evidence shows that certain groups , and especially those with temporary employment contracts or precarious employment , are very much worse as a result of the crisis .
We Europeans must finally reach an agreement on our common responsibilities with regard to such serious human rights violations .
Mr President , the work done on this package makes it difficult for Parliament and the Council .
The language language - the third most important European language for universal communication will be subjected to discriminatory discrimination with the introduction of enhanced cooperation ' .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
( CS ) Madam President , I hope that there will be no representatives from the Eastern Partnership countries here , as they could think about the number of people here , looking at the number of things that we have no interest in the Eastern Partnership .
I am not leaving it to mention this .
European Economic Recovery Plan (
I believe that these are three important principles .
However , those who are the euro who are not pigs , but people punished by the false dogma all under a single head .
Out of EUR 124 million were allocated from 2002 to support the efforts mentioned .
In other words , this is a form of direct democracy that complements parliamentary representation .
We must support the workers in China .
Outcome of this work was unanimous support that this report received in the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy .
The analysis of these agreements made by the Commission are always pointing out of the millions of euros won by the economic and multinationals .
The dramatic error is to throw public money to maintain this fleet .
The EU 's calendar and coercion in order to accept the schedules and content of agreements with individual agreements and various conditions for each country .
The scientific reports on the state of bluefin tuna population are alarming : the small-scale industrial fishing is seriously the most alarming stock .
This is a fact and we must eliminate double standards .
There are no restrictions on this point .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
The regulation I have presented to the regulation , which is currently in force , an appropriate regulatory instrument providing a high level of protection for the weaker contractual .
I am voting in favour of this report in the hope of finally seeing the decommissioning of the Kozloduy nuclear reactors .
Progress achieved in recent years in the area of gender equality by the European Union is threatened by delay or even a return backwards as a result of the current recession .
The question to the European Commission is as follows :
The sanctions that should be imposed on the Lukashenko regime must be strict , as , among other reasons , this is a country that is in the immediate vicinity of Europe .
The flagship initiative of the anti-grassroots policy '' stresses that the steps taken to reduce poverty must also take account of the differences in the situation of women and men .
Election of the European Parliament 's nomination ( deadline for the forwarded to nominations ) : see Minutes
Europe has a strategy in the field of energy and for combating climate change from 2008 .
It is for this reason that we need to jointly put our systems in place and share information in order to attack this problem .
To be done , I call on the Council , the Commission and you ladies and gentlemen to take steps to ensure that European consumers are no more than being misinformed in this way .
Mr President , Commissioner , for a second time , we must increase the guarantee provided by the European Union to overcome the difficulties that the Member States are experiencing from the euro area .
There are so-called vertical funds that have been mentioned and which are used to combat cardiovascular diseases , such as AIDS , malaria and TB .
( Applause )
The truth is somewhere in the middle .
The Council is a budgetary authority , and we also note that we have many problems in the Member States .
By using tactics , like harassment and negligence , they have made it more generous people , but I think that the message is the following : if a proposal seems to be too good to be true , most probably .
The European Institute of Justice ( ESA ) , Research Institute recently carried out on this issue at the request of FIFA and discovered that 'the Decrees is really acceptable and compatible with European legislation .
If we continue to make unilateral demands that Europe continues to reduce its emissions with much larger amounts than it is envisaged in the Kyoto Protocol , the next Cancn summit - COP 16 ( COP 16 ) Conference of the Parties to the most unsuccessful ) - will also be a failure and again Parliament will make a bad impression .
The European Union 's commitment to the Black Sea region and the ambitious Eastern Partnership should be strengthened .
This also means that if they are professionals , they are well educated and understand from what they are doing , we would not be artificially downstream .
The conclusions and recommendations contained in the report also show the potential for large benefits for consumers .
( NL ) This report is one-sided .
Madam President , this is something that is being expected long ago .
How is it suddenly being turned out that the solution to the budgetary problems is to limit flexibility ?
Let us put the solidarity of the institutions when it comes to the forefront of the fight against phenomenon such as the Mafia in Italy , which has led to many victims over the years , I think it is very important , which is why I am very thankful for my heartfelt thanks .
In a resolution adopted in plenary on 8 May 2008 , Parliament welcomes the proposal and calls for an interinstitutional agreement on the establishment of a common register between Parliament , the Commission and the Council .
Mr President , when President Obama has become President Obama , all his generous in his name .
Credit rating - Requirements for notifying and documentation certificates in mergers and divisions - Requirements and reinsurance ( Solvency II ) ( debate )
The third section is devoted to impact assessments conducted by the European Parliament , which the relevant committees are called on to make it even harder to improve the quality of law .
As regards the European Neighbourhood Policy , we need an economic agenda that can increase employment and trade agreements that can bring about real , market-based economic development .
As we obviously all agree that it is very good that there are reforms , we must also support these reforms .
We can not worry about the tightening prudent regulations that apply to them , even in Europe .
This creates an imbalance that is seriously affecting both producers and consumers from our continent , leading to anomalies that must be corrected .
For these reasons , we have voted against this report .
One of the amendments points out the difficulties relating to the inclusion of all administrative expenditure in heading 5 , is another call for early publication of the guidelines and budget forecasts to ensure the right and timely decision-making .
Mr President , firstly I would like to say that I hope , as I think all the Members , and the President of the Commission , that the system we have introduced will work .
After all , this is the point of the principle of 'own engagement ' .
Mr President , Article 4 ( 2 ) of the Act of Accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union states that establishing a evaluation procedure that the new Member States comply with the conditions required for the application of all parts of the Schengen acquis represents a precondition for the Council decision making on the abolition of internal border checks with these countries .
Mr President , will you answer a blue card question ?
The proposal tabled by Monaco , to include bluefin tuna in Appendix 1 of CITES may be useful in this species , given that this species is doomed to extinction if urgent measures are not taken to protect it .
( Applause )
The report contains valuable proposals on actions to be taken to achieve more effective and effective use of natural resources , limit emissions of greenhouse gases and save energy .
We want an effective Commission with a more rapid competence than in the past , and we are also relying on the promise you gave to our group , namely that in your team , you will be included a specific representative of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , who will be responsible for fundamental rights and civil liberties .
In some countries , including Romania , over the years affected by the land that are increasing , there is a decline in the production of energy-efficient energy and nuclear energy .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when I read the first Commission proposal , I was very sceptical about how it deals with this issue .
This report highlights the need to develop cooperation at European level in the field of vocational education and training in order to increase transparency and to more easily comparison between the various educational systems .
Firstly , in the communication , it notes how to improve good governance in the tax area within the European Union in order to strengthen the arguments before the other Nigerian authorities .
They are more widely and more widely gloomy .
In particular , in the area of foreign and security and defence policy , the transfer of this sovereignty to a supranational institution is a courageous and also a difficult move .
It can not be combated with terrorism with anti-terrorist laws that create the same sense of uncertainty .
Everything has happened very quickly , since we began the discussions before today , so we have an agreement before the elections .
I would also like to emphasise the call for the Commission to present a legislative proposal on ensuring access to certain basic banking services by June 2011 and to increase transparency and comparability of bank charges by the end of 2011 , as well as the call to submit a legislative proposal on removing barriers which meet mobile employees and workers in order to ensure the full portability of pension rights .
The agreement was initialled on 15 October 2009 .
We could not have a mindset ' attitude to do nothing ' , although it can be noted that this phrase has become synonymous with Conservative in recent months .
In a budgetary stringency , which excludes public money as a solution and in increasing global competition , Europe must react to rejoin innovation .
I would say that the 2020 debate is necessary , but it is still necessary for the 2010 strategy , which must be taken to restore growth , reduce deficits and optimism .
In doing so , care must be made for safety .
The programme , as the result of the European Council , is necessary to outline the guiding priorities for justice and home affairs in the coming years and to show how they will actually be realised .
Parliament is ready to support the development of the CSDP , which is fully integrated with the Union 's external action and is based on the values and principles of Europe .
I believe that this is very good news and that it is appropriate and proper to congratulate the Commission , Mr efovi and the Spanish Presidency on the support they are in the initiative and for agreeing to present a very important proposal to Parliament .
Mr Tony Blair is the most dangerous .
Following the slowdown in multilateral trade negotiations on the Doha Round , the last summer , and what has been achieved by the Group of Twenty agreements at the Washington Summit last November , does the Council think that there are grounds for the European Union to make new trade proposals that would be the catching up of developing countries ?
If these amendments are adopted , some sort of balance will be restored between the rights and freedoms of the end users and the rights of others , including protection of intellectual property rights and indeed the right to privacy .
This can be seen in the report Monti in the area of the important Single Market measures .
At the end of 2010 , with a contribution to the budget of almost EUR 5 million and a allocation of EIB capital from nearly EUR 700 million , we could actually allocate credits to EUR 6 billion , with which investment was funded in the field of research for more than EUR 16 billion .
However , this is probably not the main argument here .
Yesterday , we had talks with the foreign ministers of Slovenia and Croatia , as well as the Troika .
Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting
I would take something out of this because I find it very valuable : the fact that it has given us a great deal of potential that we can take over the coming months .
There is also a clear understanding of international action to give priority to agriculture and rural development in the political agenda at national , regional , and perhaps at a more successful level .
I believe that consistency also means adapting existing rules to the real situation .
This is the only way that we can not allow a successful instrument to be permanently destroyed and lost confidence in these measures .
The High Representative is responsible for the service 's supply concept , not the Council bureaucracy .
We will be the area , the continent of the largest number of people over 65 years , and this will lead to a reduction in our capacity to produce , reduce the active population and working capacity , and this will put pressure on our social protection systems .
As I do not think that this will be the case soon , I would really like the Commission to fail to bring the negotiations on the readmission agreement to a conclusion .
The package still has to be approved by the Council on Economic and Financial Affairs on 19 November is EUR 280 million and will be allocated to Member States in the form of a financial package based on production and annual quota .
Of course , this does not mean that they will not be able to set specific quantified targets in Copenhagen .
Now more than ever we need coordinated responses at European level , and the Member States ' initiatives must be structured and adapted to the provisions of the document we are discussing today .
They are European and international and we need a modern set of rules .
It seems that in the general campaign for the protection of human rights , too little attention is paid to the problem of violence against women , including domestic violence .
They often only try to give some technical legitimacy and justification for measures resulting from political choices and evaluations which are hidden .
I take this opportunity to give my appreciation to the excellent work that Operation Atalanta has ended up to this moment .
In this regard , visa-free travel is an important step .
The common European asylum system must therefore be closely linked to European policy on development cooperation and humanitarian activity , thereby reducing the number of asylum seekers , which are often economic migrants .
The first aspect is solidarity .
However , today I would like to take note of my remarks to more general issues related to the humanitarian aid strategy .
Since there are no clear requirements in the current Cosmetics Directive in relation to safety assessment , the regulation sets out the most significant standards for this .
In this context , I would like to thank all the actors for their hard work .
I would also stress that the reopening of the debate on own resources is not a new proposal of Parliament , but a decision adopted by the Council in May 2006 following the agreement reached in December 2005 during the UK Presidency .
The second point for which I am the rapporteur includes a proposal for a regulation which provides only a consultation with the European Parliament .
The Commission has been refused from the Lisbon Strategy too quickly without carrying out an in-depth analysis of the causes , which is why the objectives of this strategy were not achieved .
The Ukrainians does not mean that we want to sit at the negotiating table .
I was responsible for this area and I am happy to report you what changes are being changed .
Is we in poverty that we need to fight ? ' - is it not absurd that today in Europe is increasing poverty and inequality ?
In this way , we will prevent the public opinion of Pakistan .
This oral amendment must guarantee women 's freedom to have a safe access to pregnancy termination , but also to reaffirm the principle that abortion is not a method of self-certification , nor a means of control of birth .
These include the requirement for listing the company 's business directories , clarifying that the ban on publicly supply of shares does not prohibit the supply of workers or employees of the company or the improvement of the rules on the duties and responsibility of directors .
This is more common with subsidiarity .
Unfortunately , it has not eased it .
We can see it , for example , in the region between Paris , London and Antwerp .
