In August , the Council of the International Monetary Fund approved USD 250 billion as a total distribution of special rights to the International Monetary Fund , from which USD 18 billion will be for the countries with low income , and the International Monetary Fund will be called upon to give a report on other measures for countries with low income .
If we ban it as a food additive , can we continue to exist or will we have to be gradually dump as hazardous waste ?
As a means of EU cohesion and citizens , Hungary is setting itself in order to implement the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Our group considers that media pluralism is not only an Italian problem .
In line with this assessment , and because of the trend in recent years , the fishing volume has been reduced .
The European Union must intervene in the work of the UN Human Rights Committee , because it is now completely unfair and unfair and no longer enjoying universal confidence .
In my opinion , it was not very clear .
Furthermore , households , businesses and the public sector will have significant economic benefits , because they will have lower energy bills .
Greece replied to the International Labour Organisation .
The budget is for the unemployed , which now seeks to work .
The cases I mention were hardly investigated , and there was no major change as a result .
The package includes a range of measures - from providing micro-credits and funding for small and medium-sized enterprises , to energy efficiency measures and specific technical assistance to supervise the financial sector and financial regulation .
However , I would like to draw particular attention to the fact that in some countries , corruption in the allocation of EU funds is directly linked to the policymaking conducted in these countries .
It is not about setting the guilty , but in this case , fundamental errors have been made , starting with the heads and the false accusations of the violent policeman , who has recently been carried out , which caused by social warning and a very serious , severe economic crisis .
I believe that European consumers will have a much greater benefit from the maximum level of regulatory harmonisation .
The Commission 's objective is , in fact , the three sectoral insurance supervisory bodies to have the same structure .
Any such agreement should be concluded between sovereign national states , accounting for their peoples through the democratic process .
So there will be no need to ask the people of Britain or to any other country from the European Union ; however , this will happen .
I object strongly against the use of non-human primates for research , unless they need to be used exclusively in experiments concerning life-threatening or train .
In this way , Serbia has demonstrated its commitment to its economic integration with the European Union and has hitherto positive results in this regard .
The economy and international markets are extremely sensitive to each measure taken by the European Union , such as the rescue measures adopted in recent days .
We therefore need to decisively move on the path towards greater economic cohesion , stronger convergence in fiscal matters , in the economic and social policies of the Member States .
We must increase control over this matter .
in writing . - I voted in favour of granting discharge for 2007 to the European Commission , but I did so with some reservations .
The lack of a single integrated market means that EU energy policy is incapable of providing effective solutions to problems associated with reducing oil and gas reserves in Europe , increasing crude oil and gas prices , increasing global demand for energy and global warming .
Firstly , I would like to congratulate all four rapporteurs on the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and the Committee on Petitions on their joint work in providing this remarkable report , as well as on how we interact with the Council and the Commission to achieve such a good result .
Secondly , we are trying to eliminate certain inconsistent and sometimes even controversial measures .
Rather , I would like to share with you the response to the Italians of the violence by the Community , and to emphasise that our concern is now to protect the interests of the citizens and our people .
As the European Council stated in its conclusions , we obviously can not implement the priority for guaranteeing the safety of nuclear power plants only within our borders .
EIB aid was extremely important .
It is important for the EU to take a decisive stance on the situation in Kyrgyzstan , because it is a country of strategic importance .
Indeed , we all know - that means that we will remind the Member States of the European Union who manage a large part of the European funds , their responsibility to do this in line with good practice ; because we also know that most errors made under the use of European funds are carried out by the Member States and their level .
Moreover , how can the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy be able to bring both countries , Ukraine and Russia , as responsible for the problems of gas supplies for the EU , but our recommendations are only causing Russia ?
We listened to you .
We are following the case from the first communication , and we are taking appropriate action .
The first is : what would you say if , after one or two years , from now , the three years of the government of Lukashenko 's representatives here in this House , not to the place of one another , namely , Vice-Chair of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , who is responsible for civil liberties and human rights ?
However , it is very important that the climate debate has become another debate in the meantime .
Financial assistance from the Community to decommission Units 1-4 of the Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant : The Kozloduy Programme (
I am pleased to see that the EIB and EBRD have reached an agreement on cooperation in countries where they operate together .
As you know , and as you just said as the President-in-Office of the Council , the Council is the Council , which decides - between the other unanimously - on these issues .
( DE ) In the first half of this year , the prices of the gas suppliers fell by 40 % .
When my constituents write and say ' I am not reliant on good service in my constituency and I would like to travel abroad to another Member State of the European Union to have better healthcare ' , they are not sure in terms of their legal situation .
With regard to nuclear energy , we are in close contact with the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna and carefully monitoring , we appreciate and analyse the safety situation in Japan .
The budgetary problems behind have been found .
Let me explain to him why people in the UK are so much more intolerable .
We can certainly not accept this , but , on the other hand , the Eastern Partnership seems to be a response to Russia 's policy in its neighbouring countries .
One last thing , I warmly welcome the fact that we agreed that we do not want the industry of the allegedly USD 1 170 billion per year , which ultimately only profit for lawyers and consumers do not receive anything .
I believe there is some sort of plan - anti-European plan - in connection with the production of modern , more environmentally friendly , cleaner light , and that we must face those who want to get the agenda properly informed about these extremely important products .
In view of this , measures must be put in place to limit the impact of price volatility and speculation .
I therefore expect the procedure for 2011 to begin .
That is what I expect , and I hope that they will do so .
In Israel , the investigations of the objectives and the repression used during the operation of the Lead State Parties have been committed by the military or military police , thus seriously compromising the independence of the findings and Hamas , there is still insufficient explanation of the firing of rockets in the south of Israel .
I hope that Parliament will reflect today 's decision taken by the committees and those of us who have drafted the report that was adopted by a huge majority .
I really believe that , based on experience of the debate in this House , we must not only discuss the economic crisis , the financial crisis , and what can now be called a 'war for money ' .
Madam President , I can say at the beginning that I think we really need to call them not to be divorced from the Millennium Development Goals , but the Millennium Development Goals ' .
Mr President , I will take the floor first to congratulate the Commission on its initiative to recognise as a regional power that is bringing its relations with the European Union closer to strategic level .
This partly is due to the numerous and decisive amendments tabled by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , which made it less ideological , more and capable of making the critical points established in nine years of action on the penultimate territory , as well as identifies positive aspects and development lines , so as to make the presence of the international community more effective and in favour of the transition to the sovereignty of the Afghan authorities .
Thanks to the work of the rapporteurs , it was simplified and , in particular , welcomes the idea that the group of experts from seven different countries will start the procedure .
Cohesion policy is a key concern for the EU to find a balance in relations between richer and poorer regions .
On this basis , I am not sure whether we should restrict this in one single department .
( RO ) Mr President , I believe that respect for the independence of the judiciary - a fundamental standard shared by the European Union and Brazil - must have the lifted right across all other considerations .
There is another problem in both Campania and Lithuania , which caused by the total lack of cooperation between citizens and authorities .
I would like everyone to talk about reality .
Therefore , we must not stop our appeals from our appeals .
The general objective must be to promote better public awareness of diseases relating to ageing and the prevalence of Alzheimer 's disease , 21 September , with information campaigns for preventing such diseases and treating cardiovascular diseases .
When does the Council intend to take measures in this regard ?
Thirdly , we must applaud the Union for the Mediterranean ( UfM ) and its projects which can contribute to the economic modernisation of the Mediterranean countries .
The future progress was a key theme and I am pleased to point out that the aid is being invested in innovation in the car industry through the European Investment Bank to ensure that the crisis situation does not weaken the capacity of industry for innovation .
The positive vote for the European agenda means supporting the efforts of the cultural heritage of the Member States .
The EUR 3 000 we have allowed us to finance a number of important activities in order to promote tax management .
Subject : EU policy
They are also ready to take appropriate measures to address this issue .
The NGOs reported that bloggers that raise political issues are held in prison .
This contributes to preventing the problem of market distortions , which would be caused by a sudden increase in imports of textile products to the EU market if authorised quotas were not respected .
Sixty euro for the Schengen visa is too much for most of the Belarusian citizens .
The opinion is that the spectrum is a scarce resource that does not depend on borders .
Let us be a lesson to us .
I would also like to say a few words about Pakistan .
At the same time , consolidating the transatlantic strategic partnership must offer a new opportunity to develop cooperation with the third major actors of the Baltic and Russia .
We are not presenting it with a simple hand .
We are not moving fast enough , but we would like to do enough , so that we can say that the machinery is in the most predictable and that it is better to adhere to this logic of progress than to the logic of blocking .
I am pleased that all the sudden thing has already been seen .
From a political point of view , this is not just a game with moral bubbles , nor should we approach the problem of a sense of fault .
The overall , systematic solution is often drawn up by details or even by lobby interests .
Now there is an opportunity for development from a point of view of providing jobs , particularly for women .
I have voted in favour of those of local communities who are first victims of the consequences and joining the fight against environmental movements while calling for an immediate ban on the use of cyanide in the extraction of gold in the European Union .
Proposals have been made .
It is a misunderstanding .
As a member of the Committee on Development , I would like to emphasise precisely this aspect .
I would like to know how you are trying to introduce the common asylum system by 2012 , as this seems too late .
Two years ago I said in this House that I am afraid the Treaty of Lisbon does not share the fate of the fish in the garden of the Sea and the sea , which , after a long shot , arrives in the port of almost as a pile of Ottoman Empire .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - Mr President , honourable Members , during the accession negotiations to the European Union under pressure from certain political forces , Bulgaria agreed to shut down 4 of its nuclear units into the Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant and fulfilling this commitment just in the deadlines envisaged .
Iceland can make a valuable contribution to EU policies due to its experience in the field of renewable energy , especially with regard to the use of geothermal energy , environmental protection and measures to combat climate change .
The EU has credibility and liquidity .
We need imports of fish , but I am saying that this should not be at all costs .
Social protection policies that are to be taken must also take into account the conditions of women 's living , recruited as seasonal workers , particularly with regard to the need for adequate accommodation , health insurance and adequate sanitation .
It is not surprising that you are in favour of the Presidency being extremely reluctant .
Moreover , the Gulf Cooperation Council recently announced that it no longer recognises the legitimate Gaddafi regime .
in writing . - ( EL ) The deterioration in the mental health system , which is being proposed , serves the interests of capital , capitalist restructurings and the commercialisation of health , not of patients ' interests .
The creation of a network of immigration liaison officers is another step towards a centralised measure controlled by the European Union , which serves the spread of immigrants and refugees .
The economic crisis has made even worse poverty .
Sometimes in the European Union , goods are available with the same brand mark , but with a different composition of the product for the various countries .
The Irish people were threatened with a huge coalition , the political elite , the large enterprises , the majority of the capitalist press and the Commission of the European Union , that if they vote 'no ' , they will be isolated economic , then there will be a withdrawal from the European Union and investment , and if they vote in favour , there will be jobs , investment and recovery .
The gender factor is a good example of a budget review , the methodology proposed and supported by the European Parliament itself , even though the norm is still not the norm .
The same applies to nuclear energy .
I have met , and I have done so far , many interested groups of disabled people who wanted to review them .
This means there will be further talks .
Industry will benefit from the time of application and ability to launch the product on the market , which will mean administrative costs and the possibility that it will reach the market sooner , increasing profits from sales .
The Council will also show how the European Union will specifically participate in these plans and explain how the costs will be allocated between Member States and also the efforts aimed at achieving these objectives .
Having said that , we are thereby exercising our role of drivers if we can not present the money and measures , we will not manage to reach an agreement and the main responsibility will fall in Europeans .
Some of these subjects are present in the report and I have given me hope that we have succeeded in reaching a comprehensive report .
Mr Battisti is in prison and there is no reason why we believe it will be released soon .
In all EU trade agreements , a social clause should be included which is legally binding .
Why ?
If we want this agreement to make it possible to introduce a regulated , transparent and environmentally friendly trade in timber , which benefits the local population in the countries concerned , not groups whose legality is questionable , the European Union must make it possible that the rights of local and indigenous peoples must be fully respected and that these people are actually participating in the talks and consultation process .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is still a mystery of a mystery of comparison to the Council .
As someone who has been working for many years as a journalist has been working for a journalist and has deep knowledge of this profession , this is particularly important for me .
If you think you have a mandate for this , you are also walking and you are planning .
It is not only a mere piece of money but also a balancing of consideration for them , but also to be seen as commodities or services .
We have indeed offered Japan 's experience in the area of nuclear energy due to an extremely severe and worrying situation affecting not only Japan but also the entire international public .
Ladies and gentlemen , citizens often complain that Europe has no face .
Secondly , let us pay more attention to ecology , or to be more precise , environmental education , building in educational programmes and being presented as new discipline .
Fortunately , the Estonian Government has not had to hold a referendum to take the decision to join , because we know well that , to some extent , citizens are worried about .
However , despite our refusal to agree with this philosophy and our attempts to prevent it , our reality forces even in peace missions .
Let me tell you how I see Europe in the future .
Furthermore , Mr President , no statements , even if they come from the chairs of the groups , will not change a shred of legal obligations by Parliament , which are a law .
It is pleasing that the number of people travelling to the European Union rose .
( Applause )
This report concerns extremely important issues related to the ratings sector , such as the absence of competition , the oligopolistic structure and the absence of accountability and transparency , particularly in sovereign debt ratings .
( NL ) Bosnia-Herzegovina is , in fact , Yugoslavia in the most significant size , a federation in which the various ethnic groups must choose between this to live together or fight for internal conflicts throughout the territory .
However , these statements can not be true at the same time .
It is important to remember that the real regional market is a fundamental basis for successfully implementing the Interim Economic Partnership Agreement and that regional integration and cooperation are essential for the public and economic development of the Pacific States .
Although we support measures for managing and protecting European forests , we do not support the creation of a new European forestry policy that will transfer powers to this area of the European Union .
( PL ) Ladies and gentlemen , the 2010 budget is a difficult compromise .
The mechanism for cooperation and verification , which is the Commission himself , is just one document , and the progress reports do not correspond to their name .
However , some of the proposed measures go far too far .
At a time when we should promote public transport as an effective and environmentally friendly opportunity , new passenger provisions will give them the appropriate rights they deserve .
Since then , the situation changed .
This can lead to a Europe with ever more different growth and development rates within it , to the idea of a single European Union and to frustrating European citizens .
We need a degree of consistency to be given to us .
It is time for the European Union to start to accept the opinions of European citizens and listen to the voice of the people .
In 2007 , this treaty was decided to include in the EU 's legal framework .
Let us therefore try not make them the same issues .
This shows that we have been doing - the euro can not work ' .
However , at the same time , we have also said by the international gallery that we are , in principle , open to third countries such as Russia in special cases when necessary ; Russia is , of course , a full member of the Black Sea Synergy , where regional issues are dealt with .
Credit rating agencies are expected to provide information about the quality of credit .
Therefore , research in this area is of paramount importance and we must focus , and above all , on providing funding , coordinated work and coordinated activities .
The convention has been ratified by 26 Member States and the Community so far .
The dialogue has been revived and I think that this is a good thing , with the suspension of the sanctions that were part of the European Union 's position and where there was no point whatsoever , and with the resumption of political dialogue , we have become possible to do something that was not possible from 2003 : to talk to the authorities in Cuba about their convictions because of their convictions .
Since the next meeting of the EU-Ukraine Parliamentary Cooperation Committee - Russia will take place this week in Strasbourg , I hope to raise this issue with colleagues in the Russian State and the Council of Ministers of conscience , and I would like to encourage my colleagues here to do the same .
( PL ) Mr President , I would like to talk about the security of supply of raw materials for production , which needs farmers and traders in the European Union , as well as feed and food for animals .
Further negotiations with the Council are needed so that we can finally reach agreement before the summer , so that we can provide a strong basis for the euro .
We all agree that they are necessary and we all agree that we need to find the legal basis .
In this way , the scene will be prepared for a successful summit between the EU and the US in Washington , probably in June .
The democratic and tolerant European Ukraine is the key to democracy , responsible and sticks to Russia .
As has been said , we started the negotiations in October 2008 , during the French Presidency .
Firstly , there are three explanations of vote on the Framework Agreement on relations between the European Parliament and the Commission .
We certainly have a common interest in achieving this goal and we must not forget this during the debate on the future of cohesion policy after 2014 .
( ES ) Mr President , I voted for Amendments 30 and 31 because both the distribution of the total allowable catch ( TAC ) and the establishment of the TAC must take into account the characteristics and objectives of the various fleets - small and industrial fleets - so that they can preserve fishing opportunities that have hitherto been used .
Is it because the Structural Funds and Cohesion Policy do not translate into the common agricultural policy ?
Freedom should also be expressed in the dissemination of new information technology , so the Internet , in particular , to become a benefit that is as widely accessible as possible .
Firstly , it must be made clear that human rights do not mean that we must ignore the concept , let us say , subsidiarity or reflect the different values of the Member States .
Another interdependence is the security of food supply .
I hope that our specific recommendations , together with the Commission 's comments on the aforementioned issues , will be transferred to a successful project .
The most recent situation gives us a material for reflection .
By improving the functioning of the food supply chain , it should be possible in future to avoid such high food prices and limit consumer volatility .
The amendment of Amendment 52 denies the notion of preserving the status of national law of churches or other organisations based on religious or personal convictions , and at the same time , Article 3 and the relevant recital 18 in accordance with the wording proposed by Amendments 51 and 29 of the recorded report , limits , in my opinion , the scope of the competences of Member States with regard to access to educational institutions based on religion or personal convictions .
We do not know where and how the European security network will be established , which is simple .
Until now , the parliaments of eleven Member States , including , of course , Hungary , have approved it .
This was also proposed in the Barnier report , but we have not reached a conclusion at the moment .
The truth is that they are linked to the mass presence of immigrants who import in Europe the most persecuted concept of religion , Islam , but if the price is paid out of women in these communities , it will be affected tomorrow , to the heart of the Western society .
However , as I said in my opening words , we must help the poorest parts of the world to access clean drinking water .
In this context , this is simply a question of logistics .
Citizens will be able to invite the Commission to present new initiatives in the areas of policies .
We will be your partners in solving these issues .
The same applies to the continued existence of tax havens .
MEPs play a crucial role in the introduction and promotion of European youth policies in the Member States .
It is very easy to draw a superficial surface of bogus terms of deregulation , but there are always people in the real world who want to preserve the regulations .
For example , the renovation functions will be significantly strengthened alongside risks management .
I am proud that this is the convention , which was the fastest agreement in the history of the United Nations , but , above all , I am proud that disabled people and disability organisations played a full role in examining and adopting it .
We want to call for this process to be clear and simple , to be comprehensible for us as representatives of individual voters who ultimately make up the European Union .
Further reduction in the use of asbestos in Europe must be welcomed unreservedly .
The agreements put an end to a dispute over 15 years of Europe was different from the Latin American countries , and the United States , which have been sending preferential treatment granted by Europe to the export of the African , Caribbean and Pacific ( ACP ) countries .
Further legislative changes are needed to protect journalists , human rights defenders and politicians from criminal prosecution and condemnation of the expression of violence .
( PT ) Mr President , a few days ago , a number of days ago was celebrated by the first International Day of International Labour .
Someone has made a good speech today : no freedom of solidarity , and without solidarity , there is no strong , effective European Union ' .
This must be the same way as the market opening further and will allow Member States to use strict and effective enforcement measures .
This standard is existed since the 19th century .
These policies are absolutely necessary , as they are an expression of justice and ensuring that the European Union is consistently clinging to its values and maintains the attitude of its citizens to these values .
66 % of Europe 's inhabitants expect to be developed in this area .
However , we are facing major problems such as rising unemployment and rising debt and budgetary deficits .
The European Parliament consistently called for a genuine common European diplomacy to be established .
I do not need to mention that this ambitious long-term goal will require Georgia to make it easier and support the efforts aimed at implementing reforms .
I have been saying for a long time that , as regards protecting human rights and minorities in Europe , it is a shame that the Council of Europe has a functioning system of protecting human rights and minorities while the real political burden in Europe is the Union .
Debates on Petitions in 2006 ( vote )
Violence is not a private question .
Speaking on my behalf , I express my concern that the emergency trade preferences would appear to be a reward for the Pakistani Government for its lack of action in this regard .
I will respond to several specific questions raised in the debate .
They can understand that everything is lost , but in his choosing to keep his dream want to remove the system of the system every lorry .
In fact , I believe that we can not talk about the EU budget today without finding the debate on both own resources and the Community method , or not mention certain costs .
However , these EUR 11.8 million will be more than the budget line for the European Regional Development Fund ( Convergence Objective 2 ) .
This is almost illegal fishing , and we should not , in any way , invite them to join the EU .
I voted in favour of the new College of Commissioners .
Of course , we would all like to see the immediate practical intervention mission transfer .
However , the spirit of cooperation , political dialogue and joint efforts to achieve concrete objectives will prove enormous help to build trust , which is necessary to achieve viable solutions .
I believe that , in the fight against climate change , almost all the attention paid to renewable energy sources , which are obviously very important .
The mandate exercises are more relevant ' .
In relation to the hysteria that broke out after the earthquake in Japan and the problems associated with the nuclear power plant at Fukushima , the citizens of some Member States decided to abandon nuclear power in a relatively short space of time , although there are still no signs of a common problem .
On the other hand , apart from imposing a full-scale embargo on the Registration , the Commission is willing to examine the possibility of supporting security reform in order to reform the army and make it a professional way to restore stability in Guinea .
We understand the problems , but we can not understand your actions , Commissioner Dalli .
In this way , the European Union shows a certain degree of solidarity .
in writing . - ( DE ) Energy efficiency is an area with great potential for the future in which the European Union has already had some experience .
I am of the opinion that it is essential to continue to devote particular attention to the regions mentioned in order to Objective 2 , by supporting the economic and social transformation of these areas , which have increased their full potential and encouraging coordination of all their funds and opportunities to support growth and employment .
The European Union has announced its intentions through legislation , which is already mandatory : legislation , which is what the European Commission , which has received the support of the European Council and Parliament , and - unilateral and unconditional - the European Union has already set a reduction of 20 % by 2020 .
However , it is regrettable that the European Commission has presented late this proposal to the European Parliament and we can not have a meaningful debate here , even though the GSP regulation is a worthwhile amendment .
We must send out a message from Brussels and Strasbourg that we are not concerned only or exclusively about the recovery of the financial system , but also that we are fully aware of the need to develop our social policies , especially those who support the most deprived , the poorest in the European Union .
Mr President , the 10th anniversary of the euro is indeed an end to celebration .
The Council is taking place by Ministers and prime ministers of sovereign states .
I fully support the rapporteur 's efforts to find a balance here .
Tens of thousands of refugees already have no home and do not know where they go .
I urge you to look at the moment , for example , 4 May - to go back to a few days - because if we were to say that vote , in practice , the UK 's ability to take the floor or support measures ...
The EU 's strength is in its open borders and free trade .
It is crucial that the forthcoming common elections , scheduled for 7 March 2013 , can become a major step towards the consolidation of democracy in Iraq .
As human rights are of particular importance to the European Union , as we all agree , we must set ourselves in order to help .
Will it be Tony Blair with his famous accusing his or her ?
When it comes to visas from third countries , which have a visa requirement , it is essential to study every individual case .
However , there is a need for the European Commission to take concrete action in order to respond positively to these problems .
Once again , I thank all the parliamentary groups for their support , a tone and constructive behaviour .
This authoritarian capitalism can not be peaceful in democratic and responsible capitalism , as we are happy with today in Europe and the West .
The question is urgent .
There is a UN resolution that is the basis for a declaration of an immediate ceasefire and opening negotiations .
My simple recommendation to the Nigerian people is to wait for the final outcome of the negotiations before taking some stand .
This is my last debate as chair in this parliamentary term and I would like to thank everyone .
We need to know how the costs will be made for new technologies and who will take them .
I do not want you to have new ideas , but to take the package presented last week by the President of the Commission and Olli Rehn , and to put it with its four main areas of discussion before the Council and to your fellow Members .
This will create opportunities not only for consumers , but also for our small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) , which will be easier to benefit from the advantages of the internal market .
The European Commission 's proposal is very positive and improved through the relevant changes tabled by Parliament , namely :
Today , someone spoke about refugees .
The separation of individual language groups does not promote the learning of languages ; it is fostered by informal gathering of people who speak different languages in school , work and play .
One of the circumstances that make life difficult to the ordinary citizen of the EU is the constant introduction of amendments in legislation .
The Tymoshenko 's group has lost the elections precisely because they have come to a large number of people who have been sick of widespread corruption and the theft of public property by certain officials .
It is harder to maintain the highest level and high employment rates and to sustain stable state finances .
The main ideas of the European Union have gradually evolved into a policy whose main principles have become the eradication of poverty and the promotion of human rights , fundamental freedoms , decent working conditions and good governance .
This regulation establishes enhanced cooperation between certain Member States ( Austria , Belgium , Bulgaria , France , Germany , Hungary , Italy , Latvia , Luxembourg , Malta , Portugal , Romania , Slovenia and Spain ) .
I can say with satisfaction that the Spanish Presidency has received only support and recognition from the Commission , the Council and the European Parliament for its constructive attitude and I am delighted that today , no criticism of the attitude of the fundamental institutions has been made .
The first is that homosexuality is no longer being classed as mental illness ; and the second one that is particularly important here is that there is no credible research that can demonstrate that the promotion of children for homosexuality can affect their sexual orientation .
I voted in favour of Parliament 's resolution because I believe that , although the draft budget as amended by the Council does not fully meet the real need for a sustainable , coherent and effective EU budget , Parliament 's aim to provide the Union with a budget that can be fully and predictable from the beginning of the financial year was achieved .
We will not eliminate poverty and hunger from the world without market aid .
In this context , we believe to be vitally important for cooperation with North Africa on the development of renewable energy sources .
I would like to stress that the international economic and financial crisis has also brought about a global social crisis , and this only deepened the need for strict rules in order to ensure that more effective supervision of the global economy , and that its development will not be detrimental to our societies .
The fact that Cameroon is the leading African exporter of hard timber to Europe makes provision for the flow of goods through the arbitration agreement we are voting on today .
Of course , it sounds logical when we say that exports must be allowed and approved beforehand .
There is psychological explanation for this momentum .
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) represents exactly this case , so you have split our promise and its own Treaty !
The current parliamentary resolution was carefully investigated in order to avoid any possibility of escalation in the violence in Thailand and to leave the possibility of dialogue , but this does not mean that we will not be able to move towards democracy .
Mr Orbán , we need European economic governance .
If you may , I would like to emphasise one more question : we are so much focused on the euro area , but we also have a bottom-up in the European Union and we must do what is necessary and that it does not face problems .
The number of people who can not satisfy basic living needs .
The Spanish socialist government must take it into account , but nothing has been done so far .
I would urge the Bureau to consider the possibility of sending a strong letter to the Council with the message that such behaviour is unacceptable .
We will have to assess the effectiveness of this measure , as well as its impact in any way , the fraud of another Member State or other types of supply or fraud .
I strongly support the fiscal balance throughout the economic cycle .
The situation is not different in Libya and Egypt , according to the reports of workers in this area , foreign journalists .
We wish to see a similar approach from the Member States and the Commission .
To a large extent , this is due to the excellent work of Commissioner Rehn .
The European Parliament and the Commission acted together to propose a set of initiatives in response to the crisis .
Given that , we must support the implementation of the objectives of the European strategy for the Republic of Moldova 2007-2013 in order to achieve the desired and outcome of both sides .
Let us learn from the failure of the Lisbon Agenda - another name which nobody understands !
This is a very good result for Parliament and for Europe .
This will be my proposal to the European Council , so that I have a great wish to do so - Parliament has full participation and is fully committed to the strategy .
The proposal was made by Germany .
Finally , I am pleased to note the quality of the Annual Activity Report on the Committee of the Regions , especially in his clear part of the follow-up to Parliament 's previous decisions and the Court of Auditors for discharge , which underlines how important and appropriate these decisions are .
It is also essential that Madagascar should not enter into agreements on natural resources before there is a government with a mandate given by the people .
We can not expect , especially in unfavourable economic conditions , that the problems will be regulated on the basis of a system of moral values .
Let us not think we are powerless to face these tragedies .
In the forthcoming victim rights package , we will pay particular attention to protecting the particularly vulnerable victims , such as women , but also children .
Mutual recognition of certification findings represents a huge benefit for the EU , given that this will establish mutual recognition of certification findings in all areas of airworthiness for all Member States .
When we focus on expenditure in the budget , we must also focus more on the people who really benefit from Union policy , not only the sums of the annual budget .
A hundred years ago , I was in Kampala and one evening , I met a group of lesbian , homosexuals and the transgender people who have allowed them to take place .
After this time , the only fate expected Moldova is the best thing to do is that of Belarus .
And what is even more serious , Mr President , is that the Council in the biggest employment crisis in Europe 's history - 10 000 Europeans will have lost their jobs , and the same will happen tomorrow , and the day after tomorrow - has not taken any serious initiative and has not been a single employment summit .
- Ladies and gentlemen , we have seen the most dramatic situation in the Czech Republic .
We must remember what happened in 2005 when the Stability and Growth Pact was most advanced .
We all know what will be the result - it will be a more pragmatic approach , and we also have a road map , but whether we do not need new ways to surrender our message to both Israelis and Palestinians in the region ?
We have therefore voted against it .
He also spoke positively about where improvements have been made .
Furthermore , new systems need to be introduced to ensure that this never happens and that there are funds for exceptional cases that stabilise the failures of the system .
( PL ) Yesterday in the middle of Poland , a European Parliament official , a European Parliament official , was murdered in his work .
The delegation is here in the European Parliament , this week , to participate in a dedicated working visit , organised by the Bureau to promote parliamentary democracy .
It is not necessary to say that the conclusion of an agreement with India at this stage has not only a huge economic value but also major strategic importance .
However , I would like to ask me if you are to draw your attention to ...
It is widely supported by social platforms and by civil society .
This is totally unfair argument , which may perhaps be cofinanced by a Belgian member of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .
It is estimated that 9.9 million people in Europe suffer from neurodegenerative disease as Alzheimer 's disease .
I believe there is something that the Commission must bear at the expense .
We need to link between our decision-making process and the implementation of the global global level , in particular , in the United States .
Approval of Minutes of previous sitting : see Minutes
As the report says , the legislative process concerns 52 000 industrial companies in Europe .
It is necessary to make the negotiations on the protocol on access to genetic resources and sharing the benefits .
Are we helping your country to help these interest ?
We are discussing the legislative package for many months and has already been reached by 98 % agreement with the Council .
The EU inspectors must monitor and control ships which have been caught in Indian ports , with the destination of the European Union , which I would like to say that monitoring and monitoring must be carried out on Indian ports .
When media people , the floor , are coming and tell us that they have questions , we should discuss these issues seriously .
I often ask the following question : if 50 years , the trade relationship has not encouraged some , even if long enough development , how could this be achieved through the mutual opening of markets ?
This will stimulate the economy and create jobs and will also contribute to achieving the Barcelona objectives .
We are also keeping the sense of proportion .
I believe that in this framework , the dialogue between the European Parliament and national parliaments will highlight our common objective , our common responsibility and solidarity , which we must show at European and national level so that we can make the right decisions and implement the right policies , policies that often require a difficult understanding of the long term , especially for our fellow Members from national parliaments who must pay the political price in their countries .
If this is not yet done , I can assure you that it will be in June .
The report confirms that the TFTP was used to identify and arrest persons who were subsequently condemned to terrorism within our Member States .
It is also important for the financial protection for women in the event of unemployment or maternity .
I also appreciate the innovative way in which the European Parliament has examined this initiative .
The Commission continues to be committed to the accession process of Turkey , as it gives a strong impetus to political and economic reforms .
I therefore believe that combating poverty should be combated by stimulating the economy and the market , not by subsidies that always need to be financed by tax that , as we know , is stifling taxpayers and the economy , and an obstacle to economic competitiveness .
( RO ) Madam President , the directive sets out the legal framework for responsible management of spent nuclear fuel and radioactive waste , which is absolutely essential in terms of normative acts .
There are two opposing positions ; on the one hand , the position of the Chinese regime , which claims that the Dalai Lama is a person of violence and led by the people of Israel ; the Dalai Lama and the Tibetan Government in exile want independence for a national Tunisian country , which goes against the territorial unity of China .
We need an effective supervisory system that will create conditions for ensuring stable finance for the economy and ensuring economic growth and lasting employment .
Nevertheless , there are no specific options for interoperability in the conclusions .
The new point is that , with the so-called Plus Objective 3 , can now be financed and projects in developing countries , in particular projects which do not fall within the scope of the common definition of development aid measures .
Above all , it provides citizens with a platform to express and offer ideas for European legislation .
Report on the draft European Union general budget for 2010 , Section III - Commission (
We approved the proposal that the current rules on the import of live animals , meat and meat products remain in force to replace them with measures adopted under the new regulatory framework .
Paradoxically , Russia is a permanent friend , whatever is doing , including the gravest attacks , such as the murders of journalists , and America is a partner , a partner in the clothes of the enemy - an enemy that has really helped Europe to release the Nazis and which has not been obliged to give these victims , but it has done so on its own will .
Now , Austrian railways travel on this route , five times daily lives .
A more ambitious economic governance than Brussels , which sets out the European standard , is certainly not the right way .
I call on you to vote for the original report , not for the amendment of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
I was not happy , therefore , when we talked about the postponement of the vote .
The second relates to ensuring that the commitments we are taking on are also respected in the third concern the right to property and the vulnerability of people who live in the land built on foreign property .
We will be determined when we provide more Eurojust with more powers and when we have to protect the data of our citizens , or when we need to prepare rules for the asylum package .
Sudan has failed to state .
Even this week , the announcement in the newspaper written by the famous journalist Mario Draghi was written on instruction , or perhaps in instruction , Prime Minister .
For this reason , we emphasise this very clearly in the EU 2020 strategy and penalising the issue of diversity in a very precise way with instruments such as social and economic cohesion policies .
It is even less acceptable to say that closing Guantánamo and the resulting consequences are an extremely serious problem to the US Government .
The next item is the debate on :
We can not wait for the United States to be given to all these issues .
In order to provide comprehensive information , the Commission can also consider the issue of the existing alternative products of substances that are known to be breaching the supply chain .
Our right to do this was clearly stated in the Rules of Procedure .
These values are important for the European Parliament in its excellent relations with Thailand .
I am convinced that the ceiling of direct payments is undoubtedly discrimination against large farms .
The low level of protection is not only unsatisfactory , but it is tantamount to ignoring existing fraudulent practices , as they require a response that European legislation can not propose .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would ask this package to be made available on the agenda of the present session .
Mrs Malmström , I acknowledge that you are right and the question of employment policy in particular must be a priority .
Other EPAs are in the pipeline .
Mr President , I am concerned about the use of criminal law against persons from the same sex , in agreement to maintain collusion between other things .
To sum up , I would point out that the destruction of most of the homes is due to the poor implementation of the Law of the Committee on Legal Affairs by the Socialist Group of Mr Zapatero , whose actions based on arbitrariness , lead to the property of just one region of Spain .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) does not wish this Europe .
Many efforts and ideas that are self-evident are now being incorporated into a system and applied to meet specific needs .
Russia , however , unlike Turkey , culturally , spiritually and geographical belongs to Europe .
Therefore , specific measures are needed to promote their future social and economic development .
As a result of the economic crisis , there is a rise in racism and xenophobia , as well as in the number of crimes caused by them .
Austria also marks significant progress on the northern transit route .
This also concerns the fundamental idea of European cooperation , free movement .
We also need to call for a change in the behaviour of mobile phones , such as promoting the use of devices for free hands ' , limiting the use of mobile phones from children and young people , their dissemination of safer techniques , tracking campaigns and encouraging operators and the promotion of the operators and electric companies to enjoy jointly enabling stations and the platinum stations .
Mr President , in your speech to us here , you said that it is extremely important to strengthen the Single Market and that the strengthening of the Single Market is a recipe for the crisis in Europe .
They are among the promises that are being broken back and again , but they do not lead to adequate , tangible assistance .
Now , at the end of the year , when the question of Union cohesion is again called emphatically to put an end to the uncertainty over the 2011 budget .
It is time for the Commission to take things into its hands and not to make just statements - as you have done - and to make sure that the services actually get the business plan and investigate whether it was not granted any illegal assistance .
Europeans ' fascism with the third world means that Europe will be replaced by the Third World .
She has died exactly after the border between Chechnya and the border , after it was shot in the most dangerous .
Education and vocational training are the long process , and so we need to know what needs we will have in 10 years ' time , not only at the present moment , so that we can support the next generation .
Although the report contains some good proposals , it can not fulfil the specific objectives .
It is scandalous to imagine as a right to ill person must be treated and to finance travel abroad to obtain appropriate treatment .
Although it is defined as a development aid instrument , this mechanism is not excluded from contradictions and especially among some of its stated objectives and the results that are actually being achieved .
Of course , it provides opportunities .
A high political meeting in economic , social and financial terms has thus been completed by the newly established technical summit .
That is why I voted in favour of this .
In this regard , I can , for example , mention the European Arrest Warrant .
In order to find the right path to human rights violations , tensions and conflicts on grounds of religion or belief require many people and efforts , as well as for genuine attempts to dialogue and tolerance .
This will be a wonderful gift for 1 July , Mr Vondra .
The only way to deal with the Mugabe regime is to conduct fair and free elections .
What results have the GSP+ ?
Thank you , Mr President , it is my opinion that , on the issue of modernising social policy and aid for Central and Eastern Europe , there is a lot of rhetoric but a little real action .
My vote in favour of this resolution today is once again expressing the positive opinion already given in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
- ( LT ) Madam President , I really agree with all the ideas mentioned today about creating a crisis mechanism and for the additional measures I believe that the European Council and Parliament will debate in the future .
Let us not forget it , and when it comes to our eastern neighbour Ukraine .
I would like to ask the Commission whether and when he will present this proposal .
However , until now , it proposes to the peoples of the world to recognise their rights in terms of the ecosystem and establishing an appropriate judicial authority .
Thanks to the multiannual programmes and strategies introduced as part of the policy , individual regions , and , in particular , the poorest , have the opportunity to sustainable economic growth , increasing competitiveness and job creation .
This is an important tool for strengthening regional integration in this area , which , on its part , is important preparation if these countries want to integrate into the European market and join the Union at three stages .
I believe that , when the citizens ' initiative is implemented , we will ensure that is precisely the case .
The abolition of the representatives of religious minorities from the electoral register , as has happened in Pakistan in 2007 , is certainly a kind of practice .
We are working through the United Nations : only a month ago , the General Assembly adopted a resolution condemning the situation .
Let us not use the most cost-effective means losing the leading role played by Europe in industries where we are strong and losing capacity for innovation in areas which are strategically important for our Union .
( GA ) Mr President , I am not a member of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy ( ITRE ) ; I should like to be , and I hope that I will be a member .
And , although this really sounds good and I would argue behind it in principle , I can read , I see , for example , that non-European immigrants are encouraged to continue using their mother tongue here that the European Parliament even calls for the most vulnerable languages of foreign minorities or minorities of origin abroad to be included in school programmes and Member States not only to encourage the use of native languages , but also to specifically encourage the use of the basic language of immigrants .
Such charges are an insult to the principles of the mature international relations , as well as to mere human decency .
The vote will take place on Wednesday .
I hope that the conclusions of the practical implementation of the EU strategy for the Baltic Sea region will allow the future role of macro-regions in the European cohesion policy to be assessed more accurately and adequately .
The reports can nevertheless be a source of support for all those who are fighting for a different type of relationship with the countries of the South and especially the sub-Saharan countries .
This has led to the bankruptcy of many businesses and trade structures .
Ever since the operation started above 900 Palestinians , about 30 % are women and children .
The idea of creating a black list of unfair commercial practices so that not only the business-to-consumer contracts , but also those between the traders themselves , is commendable .
Furthermore , a change is needed in the attitude of the whole and public to be more widespread in corruption , which is unfortunately still part of everyday life in the country .
It is necessary at least to be critical of the circumstances that have led to the ban .
It is extremely important for Member States to support the organisation of international exhibitions and , in this way , as such events provide citizens with access to innovative research .
For this reason , I support Mr Barroso 's candidacy , but this support is not a blank cheque .
Of course , above all , the question concerns primarily human dimension , because in no case , human lives must be allowed to be sacrificed .
Thank you for your understanding .
( PL ) Madam President , the issues of the genocide in Chechnya , the murder of the warlords in order to use their organs under transplants , and rape of rape women have been raised in this Chamber many times .
We do not want more to mislead us , we do not want more to get us away .
However , it is difficult to believe that today young people only in a step from Slovenia can not know Europe or represent a future in the EU .
In the communication , the objectives are set for a 10-year period , while the Commission budget provides only short-term financial support .
However , this is already a fait accompli , there is no sense to continue discussions on it .
Only then will we have a very small cause of hope that a people who has been going to change for decades is suffering in the conditions of a socialist dictatorship .
However , I agree that the European Union must resolutely impose the implementation of the six-point plan for six points agreed by President Sarkozy .
In the context of the current economic crisis , it is extremely important that social policy goes hand in hand with economic policy .
The issue of conservation of species - and I would like to emphasise this - is not a question of some charity that is a few small constituents , without which we will simply have to deal with .
On the other hand , the Presidency must also pay attention to the reservations and reservations raised by Spain and Italy .
I am confident that the vote after hour will support the compromise reached between the European institutions .
What is your position on this ?
I would like to point out that Article 8 of the WHO Framework Organisation ( WHO ) control of tobacco , which has been ratified by 26 Member States and by the Community , obliges the parties to ensure effective protection of exposure to tobacco smoke in the workplace and enclosed public transport .
As far as crisis is concerned , we have made clear in May the need for a solid crisis management framework in the euro area and the Commission intends to present proposals soon for a permanent crisis mechanism .
I voted in favour of the resolution on Roma integration based on the opinion that specific policies are needed for this European minority which need to be implemented quickly .
In fact , we find that health generally in poor areas is at risk .
We are against the Union for the Mediterranean .
We have made assurances in four areas .
I will therefore allow me to be less polluting from normally , Commissioner .
Without a strong and powerful EU with competence for Common Foreign and Security Policy , I do not believe that we will make the United States and Japan , China and India take the necessary measures .
We should be ashamed .
The bureaucratic red tape and the mobile flow of security measures will not contribute to security , but will create a disadvantage for passengers .
In Kaliningrad and Belarus , this is now being done in response to the demand from Central Europe .
( SK ) Mr President , although we are paying attention to violence against women and the violation of their rights for several decades , it was not possible to stop this despicable form of criminal activity .
For this reason , I propose that the EU in cooperation with Member States and regions implement a consistent sustainable development plan which takes into account geography , the environment , biodiversity and coastal activities .
I would also like to thank the Council and the President of the Court of Auditors , in particular , for being present here , even though it is strange to emphasise this particular point .
Each of the speakers points out how serious and dangerous it is the level of energy dependence of the European Union .
And we do not have democratic power nor legally to develop a social Europe .
( ES ) Mr President , although the crisis 's crisis is not in developing countries , they are those who are seriously and deeply affected by the huge wave .
in writing . - ( PT ) The resumption of negotiations in September between Mercosur and the EU is a process of extreme importance for the EU .
Of course , this is not a package of economic recovery .
They have a right to a clear and simple response .
As we are not a united country , there is no direct election for the President of the European Union .
It is true that an agreement can be reached on capital requirements , but not on the hedge fund regulation .
The Union currently has 143 nuclear reactors , with nuclear energy being responsible for 30 % of the energy mix .
The creation of information campaigns on consumer rights through the use of educational materials would also be a good idea .
This means that Member States do not recognise their citizens ' credit , in other words , quick , effective and high-quality healthcare .
Now , in the 27 Member States , no one asks whether this should happen .
But if we look at what way this is happening and how it will continue in the future , it becomes clear that they are not those who have to suffer .
It is particularly important that the directive be applicable to digital products , as well as - partly for passenger transport .
These reasonable proposals aim to protect the most vulnerable members of our societies .
We hope that this can be presented to the Council in a fully reasonable time .
The problem is that we did not have a specific answer , nor the hearings were given some specific answer .
It is important to take immediate measures and to coordinate the provision of humanitarian aid to the residents of Haiti , more than one million of whom are still living in makeshift camps that were supposed to be temporary .
Such a programme will improve the situation of the construction industry in Northern and South Ireland , which will help to preserve jobs and fulfil our obligations in relation to climate change and , as has been mentioned earlier during this debate , to address energy poverty .
The regulation is simply extending the term .
I am delighted with the name of the Romanian people .
This is a very degrading and difficult condition , which actually interferes with companies such as bureaucratic nonsense that are intended to simply make businesses aware of a few commonly accepted principle that is not always so easy to apply .
I hope that the revision of the legislation on the collection and processing of electronic equipment will enable the increase in the quantity of precious material materials , because , apart from environmental benefits , it will also bring economic benefits .
We should also introduce variables periods in which fishing is banned , which would be consistent with the tenor of the relocation of the crop .
The debate is closed .
This is particularly important given the support that has been given during the crisis .
It is therefore essential to support entrepreneurship and to alleviate bureaucratic and fiscal difficulties for small and medium-sized enterprises .
On the one hand , it must respect its international obligations and ensure universal rights of the Tibetan community , but on the other hand , it can not ignore the view of its huge neighbour .
This is regrettable , the most recent outcome of the 2005 Revolution , which has provoked hopes of a real change in the political dynamic of the tiny Soviet Republic , and which seems to be a more positive way , along with the events in Ukraine and Georgia , during this time , the geopolitical future of the region as a whole .
However , there are other technologies that are not less dangerous , for example , nuclear technology production .
( EL ) Mr President , my question concerns the principle and the cause of my colleague 's question .
Furthermore , if the Commission received complaints from economic operators that the provision is being applied incorrectly by certain national tax administrations or led to the results of the results , it will be as guardian of Community legislation , and it will take the necessary measures .
It focuses on the most important areas in the EU 2020 strategy , which define the direction of the development of Europe .
We will therefore take into account criteria such as employment when we set the ceilings of aid to farming income .
Madam President , in recent years , we are witnessing a campaign of oppression of religious freedom .
We are now facing the problem of the transition to the 'polluter pays ' system , which is another important principle that we must strive to reconcile .
This report will not only bring tangible benefits to the people of the EU , but it will show that , together with the EU level , people can draw up their benefits individually , where they can live and regardless of their resources .
Of the EU 's 143 external representation , there is only one ambassador from a new Member State .
It must be said that it is really important to amend the current legislation and be amended .
The EIB 's level of credit is being paid to the extent of possible lending .
I do not need to remind you of the terrible acts that have been committed recently .
How will we be talking about China ?
I thank you for your declared support for the inclusion of Bulgaria and Romania in the Schengen area .
The media restrictions , including the Internet , are unacceptable , and I urge the Egyptian authorities to restore all communications networks without delay .
We were able to have good partners in this which showed reasonable flexibility and have been the same objective as the rapporteurs of Parliament , in particular , to reach an agreement as soon as possible , maintaining the quality of our work and ensuring that a year after the Treaty of Lisbon , we have a regulation on the regulation of the Treaty .
The independence of the mandate of a Member is Parliament 's responsibility ; independence can not be jeopardised .
The European Parliament rejects the cuts introduced by the Council to the Structural and Cohesion Funds .
Financial supervision of banking institutions is also very important , and I hope that you can make progress next week .
His list reached 4 200 deaths , 18 of whom died in March this year : that is a real compliment .
We hope only that the treatment will not be worse than the disease .
There should be no intervention in the economy , all strategic services in the public sector should be opened up and taken measures towards deregulation of the market .
A number of clear political measures proposed to combat gender-based violence , including measures to combat trafficking in human beings , which I consider to be particularly important in the context of the alarming increase in human trafficking in human beings and in the EU , especially women and children .
Why do we not equip ourselves with new weapons to combat the growing trend that affects our children in an ever more old age ?
I welcome the rapporteur 's proposal , which enables Member States to make free choice and allows them to exempt micro-entities from the obligation to provide annual accounts , that is , that brings them into the scope of the directive .
Mr President , this morning , the Council answered the remaining questions by the Spanish Presidency .
The Swedish Presidency has tried to put things back to its road map , but yet the situation is still difficult for the Member States .
I will not repeat them , Mr Barnier , and , of course , I welcome the opinion of you and determination to ensure that this regulatory framework is effective and applicable , and above all , that it does not violate competition at international level .
It is very important that the Black Sea dimension dimension includes decisive action to strengthen democratic order , good governance and the establishment of a state capacity .
( SL ) I would like to express my agreement with the main objectives of our strategy , namely to prevent the climate moving more than two degrees of temperature , average .
By trying to establish disparities between European workers and third-country workers , this proposal strengthens workers ' segregation by increasing the gap in treatment and is getting worse living conditions through vulnerability and instability in their working conditions .
As far as deadlines , we hope that the formal communication will be drafted in time for the Spring European Council , but I think it would be more to have the official conclusions of the Council in June .
Parliament can return to this at first reading of the 2011 budget , which will take place in the Pyrenees .
The report also recognises that the chapters on investment are often accompanied by a commitment to the liberalisation of capital and the abolition of the controls on the generals .
They are inappropriate or non-existent .
It is obvious that the Commission and local authorities will have a decisive role , above all , in terms of control and management of EU funds .
We must ensure that the regulation does not create unnecessary obstacles to the implementation of the citizens ' initiative , but that it makes it clear and more comprehensible .
Furthermore , GDP can be misleading , in the sense that remedial measures resulting from some events such as accidents and natural disasters , are regarded as helpful instead of spending .
Mr President , in relation to the rejection of our group of the Interim Agreement on the TFTP , we welcome the decision of the Spanish Presidency and the US to resume negotiations in order to adopt basic safeguards for data protection for all EU citizens .
We are therefore committed ourselves to human rights in this country .
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , I am not a member of the interpreters in relation to agriculture ; in other words , I do not believe in advertising for the migrant and pigs that are eating pigs , because my daily lives is quite different .
Our trade banks have been trapped in a terrible problem because they buy a bad debt .
According to the indicators that measure these factors should be given greater importance .
This is a crucial moment of a consistent work carried out with the Council and the Commission .
However , sometimes in my country , I am also asking my colleagues in the party to communists simply because we oppose the current government .
Democracy also requires our civil rights and freedoms to never be violated .
Although it is difficult to imagine the erection of Hitler , the Ukrainian king of the city of Kashgar is proudly held in his home town of Saint insulting .
We must also pay attention to the problem of market volatility , but on this matter , I would urge caution .
The promotion of democracy in the field of external relations ( debate )
( GA ) That is why I would like to finish with a saying to my language , which states that the good start is half of work .
It is also the fact that , for example , my country 's contribution - Italy - is now becoming less smaller - more astonishing than GDP .
Today , we can talk about traditional and Japanese culture in historical underdeveloped regions , but we can not say a lot about their existence in the developed regions .
It is therefore important that the Treaty enters into force and I can ensure that we do everything we can to ensure that this happens as soon as possible .
The conference was clearly demonstrated in real figures collected by economic experts that enlargement may be the most recent EU history and that these five years clearly demonstrate that it was beneficial to both the old and the new Member States .
Otherwise , party conferences would not have been reflected as widely on the media .
We also accepted the addition of sugar in wine .
This issue is linked to the transatlantic relationship , which I am speaking sometimes .
I voted for discharge of the European Training Foundation for the 2009 budget and welcome its initiative to grant the discharge authority discharge Annual Internal Audit Report on the Foundation .
On the other hand , under similar circumstances , competition rules must be applied flexibly when this is necessary , without a compromise on principles based on which policies in this area are established .
The message of Egypt is a message for the whole Arab world .
When meat comes to the EU , it is carried out by the official veterinary offices of the Member States at border crossings .
Firstly , it focuses on the substance of the problems that have very small businesses in an economy where many difficult conditions exist at the moment .
The prisoners adopted under this scheme can access measures to rehabilitation in EU Member States according to the applicable national law .
The whole culture of the defence of the CFP rules will not be established until we have been given equality and fair treatment at the centre of inspections and subsequent production against our fishermen .
Mr President , it is good to hear that there is a need for diversity and multilingualism , but I would like to briefly highlight a situation in my end in the UK .
We must learn how to cooperate with other countries such as Thailand .
That concludes the debate .
Madam President , I must say that I fully understand the situation of the people in Pakistan , but I would also like to say that this solution is tragic for Europe , and particularly for some countries that are already experiencing serious difficulties , such as Portugal , Spain and Greece .
The European Economic Recovery Plan comprises the EU budget for 2010 with EUR 2.4 billion available for financing strategic energy , transport , development of broadband networks in rural areas and for supporting rural communities .
I and my fellow Members from the Socialist Group in the European Parliament believe that the inalienable dignity of this Parliament , both the outside and the outside .
Once again , we need to look very carefully at this .
In fact , what we have done is going to do .
I very much hope that we will keep ...
Madam President , Commissioner , in the last 50 years , the European project created so much effort has never been made so much more popular as today , the European public is experiencing a huge sense of powerlessness .
It seems to me that Mrs Ashton is revealing an area of activity and its service should prove diplomatic and political pressure on the authorities of Pakistan , which must finally start fighting religious extremism .
It is a 20 % target that is binding .
That is a mistake , and I would like to be completely clear on this issue .
Ladies and gentlemen , the College is high and therefore we are obliged to send signals to reassure not only the markets , but also to Europeans : confidence in our common ability to innovate and enterprise and also confidence in Europe 's ability to return to competitiveness , but hence growth .
Secondly , if it does not take into account the Chinese occupation of Tibet , which is also the reason why Beijing 's pressurised by the Nepalese Government , it will be an ever one to talk about the first world war without mentioning the murder of the violent clashes .
on behalf of the S & D Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , I would like to support the proposal .
I know very well that today is not a suitable moment for this .
Now , another party was banned .
In the case of Romania , the implementation of the policy allows for cohesion with other EU Member States , especially since all eight regions in my country can benefit from the Structural Funds .
I can not accept the analysis fully , but I agree that this is an opportunity to look at the future , and part of this is to look forward to the participation not only of Parliament but also to all the ACP parliaments .
In addition to all this , the preparation of compensation programmes is awarded to the Member States .
If the process is renewed , I sincerely hope that the perpetrators be found and caught because otherwise there is a risk of larger bloodshed , and this will be considered as a authorisation to carry more acts of this kind .
I would like to make it very clear that the Commission will continue to support cooperation and relations with Georgia in many different areas , which will enable the country to move and to bring about the European Union closer to .
Add to this and the annual loss of the economy , which only for Africa , is estimated at over USD 50 billion .
So let those of you who follow my advice vote against the first part in this fifth vote and will then have a further vote on the oral amendment , which I support .
The real stress test was not held with the banks , but with the European Union and our desire to be united in the euro area and in Europe .
We have replaced these agreements with ice caps today !
When we were recently to see , we were able to see and hear that millions of Greek Christians were murdered in the 19th century .
We all send her our best wishes to .
More than what is , of course , essential .
For these reasons , I did not support Amendment 6 .
At the same time , it is regrettable that the name of Hungary was not among the President Van Rompuy , because unfortunately , Hungary is not participating in the Euro Plus Pact .
I would like , Commissioner , to pay particular attention to the situation of women 's immigrants .
Our main task is to maintain the system operational and ensure EU citizens the same social standards that had before the crisis .
We hear the objectives that we can fully identify , we are hearing laudable intentions , but we do not hear almost nothing about how these objectives will be achieved in particular .
We must therefore ensure that this percentage is more lower in future , with a view to the long-term interests of agriculture and public health .
I will now make three concluding remarks .
It therefore abolished the decision by the Supreme Court , which once again imposed a ban on the Nigerian Left to stand for elections .
If collective employee rights are to be improved , whatever our intention is to do , this should not be done in terms of a kind of company , but through a more general initiative that takes into account the different traditions in the Member States .
I would like to mention here some specific points of the many points contained in the report .
I voted in favour of this resolution as I advocate the idea of the OSCE to make greater efforts to mitigate the effects caused by human being on global warming .
With regard to the report on transitional technical measures , I would like to remind certain of the previous measures , as some of the speakers have also said , for the backed by me and two more amendments to remove discrimination without scientific justification , stressing that there is no scientific justification for discrimination against certain Portuguese fishing vessels using trammel nets .
We also have a leverage effect in the context of this measure in the affected by flooding .
Madam President , firstly I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on the work they have done well on these reports that I am giving to this House .
The level of public debt , which is rapidly increasing , will be a burden on future generations and an obstacle to economic recovery and growth .
I believe that this is the current situation .
Does the Commission intend to provide financial assistance to obtain these countries with support and economic assistance , which will enable them to avoid fully taking the costs caused by the participation of illegal immigrants in criminal proceedings ?
We are definitely moving in the right direction , as we are trying to help small and medium-sized enterprises benefit from a Community project .
The interdisciplinary approach is important , and I expect to hear how we will deal with other areas of real tension , such as Kashmir , which has been bringing to Afghanistan this day , said that it really does harm everything that people are trying to do in the region .
Mr Cameron or Mr Barroso ?
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
I do think that it is now right that the European institutions are more serious about this .
There is no secret .
While fisheries agreements between the EU and third countries should be driven by a wide discussion in the relevant countries in which the public can participate , civil society organisations and national parliaments , thereby encouraging greater degree of democracy and transparency ;
We therefore believe that it is acceptable to take into account other indicators that could overcome these shortcomings so that social progress indicators can be made as reliable and close to reality .
Yet Nepal is not a country .
Firstly , we need better coordination .
The safeguard clause that I believe is sufficient to prevent problems that may arise , so that this is quite clear and you are in the name or against the proposal .
We are currently negotiating with Commissioner Hahn on how regional programmes can be focused more on energy targets in this financial period - it gave its explicit support to this idea - and how we can use the funding forthcoming projects to give greater priority to the energy and buildings issue in the next financial period .
According to the legal procedure , the Council will adopt the text after the usual legal and linguistic fragmentation , which the directive can be published in the Official Journal of the European Union as soon as possible .
The word is 'stability ' , is it not ?
As you know , there is good progress in the negotiations .
Its reputation and its technical skills , which revealed during the extremely traumatic selection process , promise an intelligent and active mandate in the supervision authority under its authority .
We have seen the results of referendums in Denmark for Maastricht , in Ireland for Nice , in France and the Netherlands for the Constitution and now again in Ireland for Lisbon .
What we say is : yes , let the Treaty be revised , but without a convention , so that it can be put to the right of this approval .
They are more dangerous because we do not notice when they were crossed by the sale of a child in this elsewhere .
The results are extremely severe , as we saw in the coasts of Libya , and we must make us think about the limited effectiveness of our policies .
The lack of vision in the social sector is not only about consumers .
The objective of competition policy is to guarantee consumers freedom of choice and access to products lower and more affordable prices .
Any country that wants to become a Member State of the European Union must commit itself to this principle and be a country on the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , not least in terms of sexual orientation .
The unresolved problem in Slovenia concerns the checks , because after internal European borders , it is already difficult to verify whether lorry drivers are being cut off in advance the courses set for suspension .
I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs and the shadow rapporteurs and John for guests .
I would particularly like to thank colleagues from the various committees who are responsible for the creation of this report .
In the European Parliament , everything should be achieved as soon as possible .
This will protect European production from falsified goods imported from the countries of the East which have a more productive production .
However , we must not advocate a victory too early , as the threat of sanctions is not enough ; we rather need to guarantee the necessary legal instruments for control .
Once the negotiations were blocked for more than nine months , they were resumed in October 2009 .
You may not have noticed , but we have so far achieved very little progress .
The decision of the Lithuanian Constitutional Court on the Polish Constitutional Court 's nomination names only with the Polish plumber is one example of this .
This specific context is characterised by a combination of three important cycles .
This is simply unacceptable and requires action by all the sectors involved and countries .
Now that Tibetan resistance is in the process of democratisation is extremely regrettable that Nepal , a country where many Tibetans live , has prevented the normal democratic elections .
In some countries , a written consent is required by the donor 's potential while in others , it is presumed if there is no objections from the donor , it can be taken up .
The Joint Undertaking is in its start-up phase and until the end of 2009 was not fully established its internal control and financial reporting systems .
He understands the importance of collecting data and statistics , but I will be sure that he will listen to the concerns you have raised .
This will allow carbon dioxide emissions to be reduced , and to improve energy efficiency in a targeted and cheap way .
However , they can result in undesired circulation of the closed doors in unvaccinated animals .
We need to change this machine to sound so : SMEs are too important in order to go bankrupt .
Finally , I find it very important that the European Union is not only talking about one voice but that changes the behaviour that has been in Copenhagen and the Belarusians , like partners and with sympathy and with this , has contributed significantly to the success of Cancún .
The demands will be as realistic as possible : there are several mechanisms for review and monitoring and the idea of a EU TFTP mechanism presented to discuss .
On the other hand , the European Parliament also proposed a list of requirements concerning its own ambitions in the procedures relating to own resources , and you yourself also had the opportunity to look at the statement of the European Commission , which showed that exercising its right to initiative , will actually move forward on the agenda and thus introduce the new budgetary procedure , as well as the forthcoming financial perspectives .
This decision was right and Parliament was thoroughly aware of the right time afterwards .
I can promise you on behalf of Vice-President Kallas that we will improve Parliament 's communication on these issues .
Unlike this , the foreign policy of the government of Spain provides a good example by means of constructive , demanding a significant number of detainees from their convictions .
We will not make progress through painful affection to the country and the market .
The liberalisation of markets , the incentive for mergers and merger and competitiveness demand for profit and competitiveness in the food industry has led to the independence of multinationals , to higher consumer prices and higher profits for capital .
This is the case at the moment .
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , I welcome this debate and thank the Council and the Commission for the information they have presented us .
However , I must say that the supporters of restructuring of government debt seem to be the devastating consequences for financial stability in the country itself and in the euro area as a whole , as well as the consequences and the resulting effect on economic growth and employment .
The reason is , above all , that we live in a more modern capitalism .
Moreover , the Italian electorate wanted to boycott the communists from the parliamentary arena and they are no longer sitting in this House .
Spain and the Spanish Presidency know that the rotating Presidency has made an extremely important moment for the Union and the UN in terms of protection and promotion of human rights in the world .
This means that the EU Court of Justice in Luxembourg will have the competence to interpret and align two potentially competitive documents , the EU Charter and the Council Convention .
All of this was about the vote on second reading .
As you remember , such a discussion was held in Britain .
I have been successful in campaigns for this at national and European level for more than 50 years .
It should use all means to strengthen civil society and to help those who oppose the oppression in Burma .
We will have enough time to do this in this House .
We must remember that Turkey 's democratic development is not so important for the EU as Turkey 's citizens themselves .
It increases all other types of threats .
He says that , as part of this Commission package , the task should be assigned to the task of amending budgets before they were approved by national parliaments .
The first thing that may be the most important thing for the Committee on Foreign Affairs and was also mentioned by the Commissioner is the requirement to uphold human rights , including fundamental standards of labour law , not to be given to granting trade preferences .
( DE ) Mr President , the subject of the Lisbon Strategy was competitiveness and this has been a very strong unilateral economic strategy , which , of course , has failed .
At the same time , let us not make the EU 's expansion in scapegoat for something that it does not have the fault .
However , the creation of this fund inevitably must be financed by the consumer , which means that passengers will have to pay more for tickets .
However , Commissioner , trade with Mercosur countries should not become a one-way street .
That said by a former Head of Government who went wrong .
My biggest concern is that there is no proper impact assessment of the Commission and there are no clear indications of what this report will mean for agriculture .
The report calls for safer , more efficient transport which is less efficient .
( ES ) Madam President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , Spain has just experienced a painful situation where a name ship was awarded to the whole of the Lower and the entire surface of the surface , cowardly and countless risks .
Several Members have raised the fact that we are working on the basis of a period of 1999 .
Energy used by buildings represents one third of the common energy used in the European Union .
In the weekend , the Council , the Spanish Presidency , the Commission , especially the Commissioner , whom I thank for his willingness and hard work during this period - and Eurocontrol worked to produce a very precise and more precise response to a more precise , more successful nature crisis that is to have very serious consequences for the whole of the European Union and beyond .
We must keep our commitment to ensuring good cooperation between the institutions , as well as good as in the past , in the context of the new institutional framework .
European harmonisation structures have produced harmonised European standards on the basis of basic requirements : the compliance of toys is assessed and ensured by the CE marking , which guarantees a high level of safety in respect of international standards .
We have fully ratified the outcome of the vote .
The amount we have provided is sufficient ' .
Apart from introducing a proper investigation system which many requests , and the pursuit of responsible for the horrific bloodbath of the last few months - dare to say in recent years - is necessary to take every possible initiative in favour of the most comprehensive and multi-dimensional dialogue , on the one hand , and on the other hand , as many offer , to form a new governing class .
They do not only help to stabilise farmers ' incomes , but also compensate for the costs required to respect the increasingly significant requirements imposed on agriculture .
There is no matter how much the Member State is , nor does it be the nationality or the size of the company 's size .
Have we been drawing up the conclusions that we have learned from the financial crisis and the subsequent economic crisis ?
Therefore , in my opinion and on behalf of the Committee on Petitions , I am also asking for closer cooperation between all the institutions involved , so that citizens are aware of what they are going to be called for to protect .
President of the President
It is obvious that such requirements must be made in relation to a country that quite openly violates the commitments it has made , namely respect for human rights and international law .
Citizens , like their politicians , want to be able to travel freely .
Despite the strategies inspired by this fact , the statistics suggest that young people are disproportionately affected by unemployment .
I hope that the new President of the United States , as he himself said in his election speech in Berlin in July 2008 , will give a great value to these relations .
We know that this is a compromise between institutions that respect their promises .
The EU delegation in the Lower National Assembly took a formal diplomatic démarche and several meetings were held with the Ottoman yoke mission and the Ambassador in Brussels to express our strong concern .
Thank you also very much for your speech today .
EU strategy for the Black Sea ( debate )
While I accept the initiative of Mrs Reding on boards , I do not support the initiative of the most obscene , where there is a risk to penalise women in particular .
However , Mr President , some questions remain about the package of measures .
I agree with the rapporteur that the Agency should submit a comparison between the operations carried out during the year for discharge , and the operations carried out within the previous financial year , in order to enable the European Parliament to assess the performance of the Agency for two consecutive years .
We should simply have taken measures to resolve the problems faced by 12 million citizens directly in this sector .
The Danube Strategy is a common project where all partners must fulfil their commitments to ensure that it works and achieves the objectives adopted .
Unfortunately , however , we know that in some cases similar solutions do not exist and we still need to use animal experimentation , particularly with non-human primates .
This gap is wasted by the European Parliament to confirm its commitment to introducing such a tool quickly .
Many of the honourable Members have indeed raised this as a specific question .
We are going through a crisis of an exceptional scale that started a long time ago and there is a risk to continue .
My country , Austria , is particularly affected by its geographical proximity with Eastern European countries .
I therefore abstained from voting on this resolution .
I insist on your support for the return of the small Adam in his mother .
It is not good to say that we do not want to start discussing a discussion .
The Barcelona objectives , as women in the PSE Group demonstrated during the 2007 campaign , are beneficial to the whole of society and children .
Attempts to create more stringent regulation and tighter supervision alone will not prevent any crises .
The implementation of international commitments made by Russia can also be considered controversial in a number of respects .
I hope that , given this objective , we will take advantage of the next few weeks to ensure that the first procedure for the Treaty of Lisbon is a success and not a failure .
The appointment of this day by the United Nations in 1999 and the adoption of the resolution today is precious instruments that remind national governments of their obligations arising from international treaties regarding the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women .
It is therefore important that we , as politicians , take responsibility for the attitude of religious minorities in our countries and promote an open , friendly approach to all religions .
At present , it is known that neurodegenerative diseases represent one of the main causes of people in old age and that the number of people affected by these diseases is expected to increase significantly .
We certainly have one more ambitious proposal .
Moreover , I am concerned that the Commission has not carried out an study on economic impact on employment in order to be able to take informed and responsible decisions on the new requirements for what is otherwise a very favourable limit of nitrogen oxides .
This is now the quid pro quo .
Since its inception , the group consistently protects the rights of national minorities and considers unacceptable any violation of minority rights .
Article 308 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union is aimed at measures adopted as part of the internal market which are not directly foreseen in each treaty , and are not necessarily similar to those who should be adopted in the granting of MFA to third countries .
Given that , we can only welcome the fact that the Commissioner for Fisheries and the maritime affairs , Mrs Damanaki , and the Commissioner for Trade , Mr De Gucht , are once again at the Commission 's seats .
It gives guidelines how the European Union really can enter a period of competitiveness , solidarity and good governance .
I particularly welcome the requirement for drivers and persons working in the village to undergo training in connection with physical disabilities .
Thank you very much for this information .
Mr President , at the beginning of the operation of the Paris Treaties and Rome , the European project has exceeded the objective of the emancipation of freedom or democracy and , as a right , it exports its ideology .
The European Parliament , the Council and Commission recognised that the initiative on fair trade helps to develop sustainably and introduces more justice in trade , which is one of the objectives of the new EU Treaty .
It is therefore extremely important that the relevant stakeholders within the European Union commit to collective efforts against cancer .
We must maintain the current size of the EU 's agricultural budget by 2020 in order to provide incentives to farmers to supply us with safe food products , to protect the environment , create new jobs and guarantee the competitiveness of the EU agricultural sector .
This must be coordinated between the Commissioner for Agriculture and I think , and in the case that we do not agree , the matter concerns the College of Commissioners .
It is assumed that the protection of the rights of individuals and legal persons has a legitimate objective of intervention in fundamental rights and freedoms .
In close cooperation with the Presidency and with the Member States , we continue to explore how we can make the best contribution to resolving the crisis .
It is also a pity that the summit avoided the topic of what will happen in the Middle East following the planned withdrawal of American troops from Iraq , which is a awkward theme for the United States .
It is clear that , in order to have success with Desertec , ownership must be a common , otherwise it is impossible to achieve a successful outcome .
They are the result of wars and armed conflicts , ethnic tension , human rights violations , as well as inability to practise their own religion , natural disasters and a lack of suitable economic and democratic structures .
Each country must agree on appropriate financial participation .
The implementation of the new method can have a negative impact on achieving an important objective of the CAP reform - support which is targeted , fair , balanced , simple and transparent .
It must be recognised that this was not the best solution .
The Commission will support good cooperation between Member States and will continuously monitor complaints that have been made in connection with the exchange of information or cooperation .
The restrictions on administration are absolutely necessary .
( GA ) I wish you every success in this important undertaking , Commissioner .
The Council and the Member States must make progress on this subject , otherwise we can hear once again : a move away from SWIFT !
The automatic stabilisers can , to a certain extent , play a positive role .
If we are honest , we must recognise our historic responsibility for climate change and that our per capita emissions are still more serious than those of China or India , for example .
These are only some of the cases .
However , they must be proportionate and guarantee the innocent passengers - the vast majority - the respect they deserve .
It is crucial to make a clear commitment that a future Union citizen has the fundamental right to travel to the European Union .
The repression and threats from outside and outside are instruments for a long time of age .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
In response to this , we also adopted in the Committee on Budgets that if we fail to improve the implementation of the programme so that funding should be diverted to the order , we need to rethink how much money should be allocated to the Marco Polo programme and whether a portion of the funds should not be redeployed to other programmes where they can be better mobilised .
When that happens , we will pull our hands , but we will forget it next day .
In the event that they express their opinion before the end of the ratification procedure , everything will be done under the Treaty of Lisbon and will have a commissioner .
After all , in an interview to the notorious thugs of the year 2011 , the Lukashenko identified as the whole Montenegrin nation took the whole arms nation and as a dictator , the most dangerous of the small man 's small man , on whom the Kremlin alone could have some real influence .
The low payment of a single area which would subsidise Northern Ireland less than now destroy the industry that is not on the verge of survival .
Of course , this action will initially bring the confidence of the affected to the European Union .
The principle contained in Article 9 must therefore find a place in all these documents and legislative measures so that they become unified and indivisible .
As regards the whole subject you are talking about , let me tell you that this crisis has done more than five million Europeans unemployed .
( The President cut off the speaker )
I firmly believe that as a result of the creation of the European Observatory last November , this desire will be a breakthrough in the near future .
One of the issues concerned investment in next-generation networks by ensuring that telecommunications operators receive a fair return to investments , and consequently taking account of the risk .
- ( FR ) Madam President , firstly I would like to pay tribute to the huge amount of work carried out by the rapporteurs .
Thirdly , consistency : we must ask ourselves whether our fiscal regulations are complete .
I look forward to the European Commission to present us with the impact assessment in the agreement and I will monitor the negotiations on the final partnership agreement closely .
However , I believe that it is a very important step that will make Europe and the European Union more open and more open to the needs of politicians , not to the consumer or , in other words , to those who use different modes of transport .
The authorities have the full responsibility for the effective investigation of the facts and the fair trial of the responsible for the individual .
Public supply in the field of research and development in Europe represents a minor percentage of public supply as a whole .
Patients must be thoroughly informed of the procedures for access to treatment abroad .
I am of the opinion that the consequences of using a zone that was not left in its natural state .
Look at how much it is worth today .
As a response to the criticisms made by the European Court of Auditors in the last 10 years , the Commission has addressed the auditors - and this is reflected in the media - with the call to change its work so that the figure in the EU 's expenditure pays for the EU would seem better .
Let us not deceive ourselves .
We are all of the opinion that the Council must put pressure on , and we are regrettable that it has already been blocking the clear indication of the country of origin .
The allocation of loans from EUR 100 million promised by the Commission must be speeded up .
This also requires us to be fair , both the involvement of other industrialised countries and so that this is not just one European project .
I know that , in my own country , 20 % of young people are unemployed , and emigration , which was being rebuilt , follows on as the so-called 'brain drain ' , which covers , among others , members of my own family .
If the Member States pass on their Stability and Convergence Programmes , as well as their national reform programmes , we will have a really connected approach .
But there are problems .
The agreements between enterprises - to support research programmes for example - may distort a restrictive trade practice that aims to eliminate competition .
It is time for Europe to show that it is ready to protect its citizens in tragic situations .
We are talking about a common area in the area of asylum and about integrated refugee management policy that we need .
These waste does lead , the mercury , the mercury , the mercury , the mercury , the most dangerous stabilisers , the lower bombs and the chemicals which are becoming dangerous in combustion .
The Council decision gives the Member States that have not yet joined the Paris Convention , to do so while respecting the exclusive competences of the European Union enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon .
Once again , options have been missed .
Indeed , while Europe wants to be a pioneer in terms of health requirements , hygiene , traceability , environmental care and especially social standards , imposing heavily on its manufacturers ' restrictive exposure to cross-compliance , beef production - and , more specifically , Brazilian beef production - still does not satisfy the safety and health standards .
in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Liberal Party ( Danish Liberal Party ) has today voted in favour of the report on the EU 's agricultural policy after 2013 .
I wish them all good in the remaining time and thank them for their work so far .
In the Council , many Member States have also expressed their concerns about the proposal .
However , its rules must be applied to the functioning of the single market , cross-border trade , not to issues that are internal for the national economy .
The European Union and Russia depend on one another , as the Commissioner has also confirmed , Mrs Ferrero-Waldner .
I have to say that , in two cases , those with the Allied Irish Bank and the company for housing , we are working on a version of the varieties of the English .
We must encourage the most productive , increasing the current border for the one of the people 's misfortunes and year .
Madam President , I have great concerns about UK dairy farming .
We all have a part of the responsibility for the delay in the use of funds .
Once the agreement is initialled and you have the translation and checking of the seasons , then it will be presented to the Council for a signature and to Parliament for ratification .
The main export sectors that will be affected include pharmaceuticals , ICT , medical products , and other foodstuffs .
As a temporary measure and awaiting the Commission 's legislative initiative , the regulation will be monitored in coordinating the College made up of representatives of the Member States ' competent authorities , and the legal force of decisions will be guaranteed by the competent authority of the country in which the agency is registered .
Should it be said that stability is a condition for both the implementation of political contacts between governments and citizens and the effective functioning of trade flows and commercial enterprises .
This can not be the end of history .
Canada is a highly developed partner with similar views , which has strategic links , covering far from trade and investment .
Instead , the rapporteur has examined the fundamental rules for the internal market aimed at supporting sustainable transport in Europe .
There is only one way to save the European Union and it is to introduce more now , as soon as possible transparency on the Swedish model and the model of the law on freedom of information to the United States .
Let us not close the door and our eastern partners .
According to some new proposals , part of this budget will be scrapped after 2013 for implementing the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy .
The UN expert report highlights that a number of armed groups operating in the country are supported by a well organised network which is partly based on the European Union .
The European Union must take seriously the attention of the crisis of fish stocks .
If farmers are driving time and their efforts to compete with each other , instead of competing with a strong retail sector , I know who will benefit and who will lose out of that .
The Internal Market Information System used for services has proven to be particularly useful .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) ) .
It seems that this medicine has caused the deaths of the dying 000 people and a heavy disease to be polluted .
I voted in favour of the recommendation and the agreement in question should serve as an example for the other negotiations currently being held .
No amount of aid can replace the commitment and actions of the government .
Firstly , as has been said , the situation is very serious in both financial and economic terms .
It is not a coincidence that Greece , Spain and Portugal , have been insulted by authoritarian rule , decided to join us and not to be a coincidence that after the collapse of Communism , all the Central and Eastern European countries elected the European Union , but not another option .
To return to the next step from this procedure , let me say that I consider tomorrow 's vote to be an important signal to all the stakeholders in this process , and especially for the Council , with regard to the legislative procedure .
Will the Member States no longer be able to define their own foreign policy ?
As I have just said , I believe the lack of consistency and solidarity on the part of the Council for the largest 'fair ' to achieve a common asylum and immigration policy .
The protection and support of human rights in the Internet and the balance that must be achieved between privacy and security are particularly important , but these are not issues that need to be resolved at EU level .
Mr President , once all want energy security , why is it not a fact ?
Secondly , measures are taken to simplify accounting rules , especially in agencies which are co-financed and financed .
I am not sure that they meet the criteria of the EGF .
The vast majority of work will be carried out in the summer and by the end of 2009 will have to deal with this list .
Greater competition in the markets of medication and energy is necessary .
In the consultation process , we learned and some others , perhaps not so positive : unlike the cost of car spending on average , the average activity has actually increased over the past years .
We must ask ourselves why this is happening , as it was certainly possible to put forward proposals on other issues .
According to information registers , the secretarial allowance for years have been exceeded and has been extended body scanners , which subsequently had a EUR 10 000 per litre of European cosmetics .
Otherwise , the countries that have not been restricting this area of business can distort competition to the detriment of others .
This is not a request for the socialists or the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , but our common desire .
I would like once again to thank you for the priority you gave to tax revenues from savings and your support to the Commission 's efforts to promote good governance in this tax area .
The costs of the common agricultural policy are no longer using the largest proportion of Community money .
The European Union has created a strong banking structure , which is only struggling with an economy and money .
We will continue to support the implementation of the recommendations of the 2008 election observation mission .
Parliament insists on the tough specification of the principles agreed by the G20 to ensure that the disproportionate repayment of the monetary part of bonuses is strictly limited .
The deficit is still extremely large .
It is essential that we in the European Union take action .
The report contains a wide range of elements which cover the broad area of energy efficiency in a rather adequate way , even though it contains routes that can make it difficult to achieve the objectives set .
I also believe that it is time to start thinking about an international convention governing the region .
Protection should be equal .
If Turkey fails to meet them by the end of this year , VVD is of the opinion that accession negotiations should be frozen .
I welcome the success of the negotiations and compromises reached in the new framework agreement - the fifth interinstitutional agreement between Parliament and the Commission .
Can you clarify this issue before this House ?
Let us not forget the important contribution of the creative sector not only to the development of information and communication technologies , but also to economic and social innovation .
On the one hand , other amendments will need to be further negotiation in the context of the trialogue .
This , in particular , concerns the interactive communications .
I am somewhat puzzled by the reference to the EIB 's external activities , which are requesting more financial and human resources .
I am sorry , but the second point was not quite clear .
It seems to me that we in this House believe that we are the most ambitious objective of overall democracy .
Portugal is particularly eloquent .
Unfortunately , many often events that took place short time , cause us to sell rivers from political demands here in Parliament , which I sometimes find suspicious .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
The report calls on EU Member States to develop mechanisms for combating poverty , which has a woman 's female integrity , so I voted in favour of this text .
His predecessor called on the UN Security Council to investigate crimes against humanity in Burma , as made in Rwanda , Bosnia and Darfur .
Ladies and gentlemen , women are often confronted with the choice between professional and private life , especially on maternity issue , which ultimately prevents them from becoming more severely accountable to their physical and mental health .
If the AU should remain the most competitive edge of our security , European countries must resume their political and military commitments .
I see that any legislation at European level concerning this issue will create a new basis .
However , in terms of what we can do , we must be careful , even when we talk about sanctions , because history shows that economic and trade sanctions often make regimes stronger and not weaker , and that they are actually making the weaker people and the poorest .
If the answer is to tell you how are you proposing to do this ?
I voted in favour of the report on the proposal for a new regulation on this issue because I agree with the aims of the changes that are intended to introduce .
I am absolutely convinced that we must continue to be more involved in the European Union .
The High Representative has visited further Syria , Lebanon and Turkey .
I agree with calls to explore the possibility of coordinating a strategy with measures on inter-country adoption , taking into account international conventions , but it must be stressed that , taking care of the interests of the child , if there is an opportunity , it should be an advantage of adoption in the country of origin of the child .
Unfortunately , a large proportion of goods are produced in countries where there is no form of control of products .
Parliament imposes high standards on our food producers .
Unfortunately , the European Police College , or CEPOL , has become some here in the European Parliament , due to the illegal and corrupt actions of its former leadership .
The idea of alleviating national contributions in the Union budget was the most visible as a result of the determined opposition in the face of a group of Member States which are being exacerbated by the reaction of public opinion .
Composition of Parliament : see Minutes
Attempts to link the development of strategic cooperation between the EU and Turkey , which is a matter of urgency , with the negotiation process , which is slowing down in objective reasons , is also an concern .
( RO ) In my opinion , Hugo Chávez has taken the worst of the worst of the 11 socialism of the last century .
Supporting authoritarian regimes , as history shows , does not drain .
Similar regulations are being applied in other European countries .
It is essential that the 27 governments fulfil the political will of the treaty , because , in their internal chains , the European institutions are actually the most fragile Community .
Only one farm in one of the most developed areas in Bulgaria can produce the entire quota , for example , for tomatoes that has been granted to Bulgaria from the European Commission .
There are opportunities .
We can agree with all of us , is it not ?
In particular , in the euro area , the role and practices of credit rating agencies have a negative effect on the stability of the euro .
Finally , the Committee on Regional Development believes that the ENPI should be aimed at a balanced strategy between the east and the south , with specific approaches for both areas .
For this reason , we must encourage dialogue between universities and business , adapt training to the needs of the labour market and emphasise the positions and practical experience that will enable them to find themselves more easily .
Unfortunately , the Irish gave their approval to the Lisbon Treaty , but at least they have given the right to choose .
( FR ) Mr President , Mr Van Rompuy , Mr Barroso , I would like to share two things .
Nevertheless , cancer of the fisherman of the ozone layer can be eliminated by means of wide access to vaccines and programmes .
Furthermore , there must be an opportunity to make decisions concerning directly to the institutions , if European law is not properly implemented .
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
We have been doing so .
However , this can be adopted as a first step towards improving the current situation in relation to the social protection of self-employed workers and assisting spouses .
Therefore , procedural rules on parliamentary privileges and the procedural are not applicable and waive its immunity is in accordance with Parliament 's rules in the area of institutional and legal matters .
We therefore have a section on labelling in our common fisheries policy reform .
The agreement was finally agreed , consensus in the Council , which was not very easy .
Under the terms of this agreement , the Opel plant in Antwerp , guarantees that cars will be produced there from the new model of the old old old old old old Jobs .
I can express so : let us replace the previous policy of incentives and sanctions regarding the regime with a policy of sanctions for the regime and for society .
We must do everything that we can , but nothing can be done without them , Mr President , we have several excellent fellow Members of the Roma .
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission , the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the decentralised devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance .
By making the serious consequences of the liberalisation of world trade , the resolution urges the opening up of markets between the European Union and China , the efforts to intensify negotiations within the WTO and the underlines that the new Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the EU and China should aim to establish free and fair trade ' .
In addition to this , I would like to emphasise the importance of including another priority , this for the European citizen .
The aim of the amendment , which I am referring , is to ensure that the way in which natural areas are differentiated with natural handicaps is relevant , based on the unforeseen environmental areas , not local administrative units or the 2 , as is the case at the moment .
They were from different geographic points and have been a huge number of ideologies and cultures , but they have been advocating the aim of recognising the rights of equality and justice , to women 's participation in social and political life , to sharing responsibilities , for sexual and reproductive health .
Can the EU , in this situation , maintain strategic relations with a country that is so unstable , and especially given our trade concessions and aid ?
First of all , the main line : while we are strictly fulfilling our recovery plan to pull out of the economic and financial crisis , we must also think about the future .
A great deal of life was given to people at the highest top positions , Herman Van Rompuy and Baroness Ashton .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Madam President , since I am speaking for the first time before the new Parliament , I would like to congratulate you on your election as Vice-President .
We believe that all the Member States of the European Union must take stricter measures .
Among the various problems in transposing the directive , I would like to emphasise the fact that in the legislation of some Member States , it does not appear specifically to be discriminated against on grounds of gender .
in writing . - ( PT ) All countries which still remember their participation in wars know the destructive effects of cluster munitions .
Our role as the European Parliament is to provide a strong and decisive response from democratic countries to the actions of the Chinese authorities , such as the latter , for example , is under way known a campaign for a 'common line ' .
Parliament and the Union as a whole have to be grateful to what two issues are grateful for .
The posts are elected to the highest positions in the European Union ( President of the European Parliament and the President of the European Commission ) .
We must make progress in our actions to harmonise the global market .
We have been finalising the prize of Memorial .
We believe that more effort should be made in this area .
Everyone has the right to freedom of religion , conscience and thought .
We do not deny that it is the case .
There is no call for the end of the occupation of Western Sahara by Morocco or of the occupation of Palestine from Israel .
This is essential if we want to change the structures of the global financial system .
I believe that this directive will also provide more organs thanks to better cooperation and cross-border exchanges between individual states and that it connects Member States in a new , fundamental way .
It is important as an instrument against the machine .
In fact , in order to ensure that this derogation , which should contribute to creating jobs and wealth , it will really benefit the local population and will not harm European agri-food and canning industries , it is important to predict an assessment of its impact as quickly as possible and repealing it when necessary .
This decision helps to remove barriers to the free movement of those travelling within the European area .
Since the crisis , we have shown our determination to take the necessary measures to preserve financial stability and promote sustainable growth .
We have not achieved everything , but a large part of things have been ruined thanks to good cooperation between the Commission and the Council , the Council was very active and between the groups in Parliament .
Iraq has chosen the path towards democracy , and so the European Union and other countries must also require , if necessary , to help ensure that the international commitments that have been made are respected and human rights are respected .
This report is based on incorrect data .
We therefore strongly defend our right to control today , because , in future , the Commission should build its plans on the basis of what the legislature has defined , not on the basis of its own data .
However , there are significant delays in the implementation of the dismantling programmes .
We have put forward the current proposals to send out a clear message to the Council for not agreeing with pressure on MEPs , as well as the intention of concluding the new procedures for the inclusion of the European Parliament in legislative debates .
For example , on the minimum number of Member States , we should be more clearly reflecting the kind of procedure provided for in the Treaty .
Agriculture must therefore be central to the debate in Copenhagen and I hope that the members of the Council and the Commission will not forget this and will be our spokesmen in Copenhagen in December .
In the situation they are in the wake of the neoliberal policy , supported by the European Union , a person could feel compelled to vote against the sum that they have treated in favour of the most favourable style .
The original directive has provided the European Commission with measures to implement , which actually meant that the adoption of the provision is being allowed without the consent of this House , or my truly Parliament in Westminster .
Industry also wants to produce and sell the market more energy efficient appliances .
For 11 years , economic and monetary union ( EMU ) has not been able to see and acknowledge that competitiveness split and that the significant inequalities and imbalances between euro area economies are incompatible both with the viability and the stability of the euro area .
We can do this in the General Block Exemption Regulation concerning vertical agreements and we will be able to do this with the specific regulation on cars .
Mutual trust between Member States , the Schengen area countries , is , in fact , the cornerstone of the Schengen Cooperation .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , purchase and maintenance of a car is considered one of the most important household spending .
What will the Commission take on the policy of Turkey ?
This is not compatible with international human rights standards as a whole nor with women 's rights .
The 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement concluded , put an end to this war .
By proposing new definitions of protection standards , the report establishes a fair balance between the protection of investor rights and the right of public authorities to regulate .
The global economic crisis has hit us with painful .
The repression of Kosovo , Mr Ahmadinejad , has also shown that military crimes can not be considered one-sided .
The benefits of regular exercise can be reported in four points : health , social , economic and political benefits .
In addition to this , consumption is expected to increase by 2030 , the increase in almost 100 % increase in imports will be covered .
This regulation is aimed at the problems of the liquidity problems of the five affected countries - Romania , Hungary and the three Baltic States - and it is intended , as has already been said , to speed up the absorption of the funds resulting from increased flexibility .
The Danube Region , in particular , includes several special protection areas and territories with a special protection regime within the Natura 2000 ' , which represents a unique Arctic ecosystem .
Documents received : see Minutes
The energy issue has already been given a different aspect .
After a few minutes , we will start discussing the energy strategy .
We want to set the European Union 's political priorities for the 21st century .
I would like to mention all of you that when you speak with a very quick rate , the interpreters are making it difficult to maintain contact with you .
The aim of creating the special committee on the financial , economic and social crisis was to identify the factors that led to the crisis by identifying what the EU did not excite , which is why the crisis was more problematic and to prepare future measures and initiatives to avoid such situations , reviving the economy and to overcome the final overcoming the crisis scenarios that still exist in some Member States .
They are ready to show a good result of those who pay .
At the same time , we are contributing to these programmes being drawn up on the basis of the evaluation of the need for them and to apply in a timely manner by ensuring that the funds are spent effectively on programmes corresponding to the aim of promoting Community products .
It is time for courage .
I am increasingly wondering , Mr Tajani , who should be responsible for ensuring that something really happens .
However , I must say clearly that the Commission will not be able to communicate with all the countries that the Member States have described as the sites of investment protection .
Now I would like to say a few words about the implementation of new rules .
This is an organisation that is extremely courageously defending human rights in Belarus .
Unfortunately , openness with regard to research in the Arctic is increasingly limited by the countries that have access to the Arctic Ocean .
We count on you to ensure not only a voice heard on the large countries , but also to protect the entire European Union and the entire international market .
This responsibility also found an expression in the responses given by the Commissioner , the commitments made and the commitments made at the various evaluation meetings organised in February and June 2011 .
Turkey must be condemned to its crimes in the territory of the EU .
It was clear then that the vast enlargement will have to continue and include several countries from the region in 2007 .
I would therefore simply like to ask the Commission : now , after we have a revised plan to simplify formalities , as announced , I hope that Parliament will have a greater role in the debate and programming of these new initiatives .
Colleagues , let us not delude ourselves out that the ordinary Greeks do not have the blame in what happened in Greece .
Unfortunately , in these circumstances , I must ask the Commission to show equal treatment for everyone and focus on its attention beyond our borders , to some cases in other Member States where , in fact , it is very much more damage to natural resources .
Action taken on Parliament 's resolutions : see Minutes
The basic legislative acts in the area of asylum are the Dublin Regulation establishing criteria and mechanisms for identifying Member State competent to consider the application of international protection , the adoption directive on minimum standards for applicants for asylum , the Directive on the minimum standards , which concerns the minimum standards of when a third country nationals should be identified as transnational protection and the Directive on minimum standards for the eligibility standards in Member States and the refusal of international protection .
Indeed , 30 % of the EU consumed by the nuclear source is a nuclear source ; there are countries where domestic production is 80 % like France , for example , and countries without nuclear plants such as Portugal and Austria .
After the most tangible result of the Irish referendum , we all hope that the ratification will also be very soon followed by the Czechs .
Like my fellow Members , I wanted to be sure that this resolution confirms this fact in principle and in the context of the interaction of the EU with the countries of the area .
It is clear that the ideas of the supporters of the European Union in the left , which clearly constitute a pro-European position , will be adopted .
enough means enough .
There is a good balance between security and citizens ' rights .
This assistance must be provided without conditions or restrictions .
We must be open to everything we need to do before the face of the crisis , which will affect in particular levels of social affairs .
This can also be achieved by providing better access to broadband Internet services for farmers .
I believe that it is only fair , because we must have fair industries to build trust in our judicial system , and this is critical - to ensure mutual trust in the judges and prosecutors in the countries ' systems of neighbouring countries , which can not be achieved unless we have a more uniform level of rights .
Ethiopia has experienced a disaster as a result of land over the last few years .
This shows that Europe still lacks self-respect in the eyes of Russia 's ideology .
With regard to trade , the high-level group examines ways of integrating economic relations , addressing all issues of interest and for both parties .
I welcome the proposal set out in our resolution to expand cooperation between EU Member States in the field of taxation .
As shadow rapporteur , on behalf of the ECR Group , I stressed this report , as early as the report was at committee stage , the importance of promoting the SOLVIT network among the citizens of the European Union , especially the citizens , and in particular businesses , to assert their rights .
For this reason , I believe it is right and necessary to make a joint commitment to achieve better results in the area of health and to achieve the development objectives relating to health , agreed at international level .
I have to say that I am strange that the Council has so diligently rejects our proposal for EUR 150 million for the period - a bad and bad approach in these difficult times !
In these cases , legal bases have changed , as well as the procedures relating to them , which quite rightly lays down their reviews .
Thank you first of all for the reference to the European Social Charter .
With regard to the monitoring of external borders , a joint Frontex operation could be organised .
Mr President , Amendment 1 of the housing regulation proposes to extend the use of the European Regional Development Fund for all Member States , not only for those which joined in 2004 .
This is already enough to bring this deregulated volcano into effect so that we can work without the weak financial reporting and society 's distrust becoming a cause of a volcanic eruption .
The blackmail of blackmail from Greece , with which the Hungarian Presidency has strongly taken , the EU and the Council are able to act .
This also provides good money for industry , because their trafficking is steadily increasing .
I would like to emphasise that the high quality of lawmaking must be a priority of Parliament .
It is therefore perhaps a little bit surprising that we have such great ideological differences on whether it is really sensible to borrow and spend so much money as we are actually seeing in many countries in recent years .
The European Union must have a more transparent and efficient way of financing its policy and I am ready - I hope that Parliament 's support - will be able to fight this battle with the Member States while the restructure of the Union budget .
The economic and financial crisis leads to an increase in global deficit , which , in its country , increases the importance of the resources allocated to the public budget .
Why was we needed to improve this directive ?
Therefore , due to all these practical reasons , on the eve of the European elections , we call on you , Commissioner , if possible , in completing this debate tonight , to go further in your proposals and promises , not by making common promises , but by taking your action plan - and that our fellow citizens will be more likely to vote on 7 June .
Due to their location , both countries will be more involved in strengthening border controls and land borders compared to sea ports .
However , let us ask the following question : what will happen if we repatriate these immigrants in Europe ?
So , it is proof that we can reach an agreement , and that this new Lisbon procedure can be successful .
Please !
In this regard , I must say that your refusal and the Council 's decision to allow the European Parliament to participate in the creation of macroeconomic indicators through delegated acts is not worth an appropriate approach .
At the same time , the system is based on the assumption that air traffic will continually increase , but I nevertheless vote in favour of this report , as its positive countries have been weakened over the negative .
I will vote in favour of this joint resolution precisely for this reason because it is critical in view of the protection of democracy at all and because it is not formulated in order to end up the useful , in my opinion , a regime of Hugo Chávez .
Therefore , in my opinion , the Commission must analyse the creation of an effective monitoring system , strengthen the methods of verification and tighten up the minimum mandatory safety rules within the European Union .
The European Parliament must regularly receive information on the current state of enforcement of these systems .
So these costs are quite significant .
The ozone layer in the ozone layer is carrying out the ozone layer so that you do not go down .
It remains correct and transpose the Lisbon Treaty into the form of the Multiannual Financial Framework and the new interinstitutional agreement .
Therefore , innovative and professional policies of policy , such as promoting the use of environmental vehicles or developing a planning programme , play an increasingly important role .
The biggest challenge facing small and medium-sized enterprises at the moment is to provide funds and funding .
In this context , the crisis is borne in mind both the financial and economic crisis .
The right in the area of mass media in Hungary ( debate )
Commissioner , our climate and energy package must be combined with realistic funding and we expect the summit in March - after six weeks - our 27 leaders of states and governments show adequacy and not to turn our backs on our citizens of the EU and the communities in the world that are more visible and more acute in relation to climate change .
The European Union itself has now been forced into the food production process , which could significantly improve the state and really be a real measure to combat hunger .
All actors must therefore take responsibility and ensure that illegal timber is not sold in the EU .
Also , the number trucks left in Gaza has grown since the start of military operations .
The Director of the Italian company , the Research , Research and Network , advise staff not to enter into contracts with Romanian citizens .
This factor must not be neglected , as it directly affects the stability of Eastern Europe and the security of Europe 's borders .
It will be true if we say that the creation of the SOLVIT system in 2002 was one of those events in Europe 's history as a united continent that did not draw attention but has yielded unexpected results over time .
This may be something as the European Union of a strong currency in a fundamental Europe where national economies do not meet convergence criteria would be dictated by the euro area .
The next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
It is time to consider the possible measures that we will have to take in the coming days and years .
We must lift our flag on the global carbon budget .
It is enough to cite as an example , Robert Schuman , which was from the most recent and which has succeeded in becoming the European Union 's 11th years ago .
Everyone has been advocating a Sri Lankan army .
This problem will be the surface in the space of some year .
I agree with all parliamentarians who highlighted the problem of the conditions in prisons in Europe .
I believe that Europe can dictate the circumstances in these countries .
The European Parliament ignores the legitimacy of a national parliament , the legal vote without criticism .
What feedback does the Commission receive on the attitude of passengers and what guarantees can it give that airlines are fulfilling their obligations in accordance with legislation ?
I think that the motion for a resolution is a very balanced text , as it addresses all the issues outlined above , and I therefore voted for it .
I consider it to be timely and the last crisis in the dairy sector , which damages so many farmers in the European Union , is certainly a sign of serious volatility that can affect our agricultural markets .
So , as we talk about the situation in countries outside the EU and the freedom of Christians , I would like to remind the House that we first have to put our house in order .
However , the European Commission must present an impact assessment of the agreement by 2020 , as well as the aid programme , with possible recommendations for its continuation and providing additional financial assistance .
In other words , Portugal is currently struggling to conclude international agreements to speed up judicial cooperation , including issues concerning divorce and the destruction of marriage , as it considers that the Community has partially exclusive competence in these areas .
This rule goes far beyond the introduction of order and the victims that go hand in hand with this .
You are also a means to choose , Mr Barroso , I expect to hear one sentence from you .
Without it , Europeans from Bulgaria and Romania will continue to feel excluded and discriminated against .
Finally , we are proposing our full support for the democratic transition process .
So , until new September meetings , hopefully the Commission will take a serious note of Parliament .
It is positive that the Commission will also present a proposal on the issue of own resources in spring 2011 .
The changes in the climate threaten to destroy the seats of this species , and also there is an increase in trade in parts of polar bears .
Last but not least , I would like to emphasise that older women are still victims of different forms of discrimination in terms of gender and age .
I would remind you that for nuclear energy , the figure is 7 .
( DE ) Mr President , I have a duty to give me the floor .
At the same time , we must not forget several very important things when we consider our response to the strategy .
Monetary union would always have been difficult without substantial steps towards economic union , and I think that , for this reason , the UK will never join the euro area .
At the same time , however , we are taking many promises of the international arena to reduce CO2 emissions - namely 80-95 % by 2050 ; we also promised in Nagoya to eliminate the harmful environment subsidies by 2020 ; in the WTO 's negotiating context , we are also focusing on how to eliminate the pollution that are due to fisheries subsidies .
I am pleased that the text before us recognises the efforts of the accessions that have been concluded with the European Union .
Can I ask a couple of questions because in these emotional points we need a clear thinking and clear information in these emotional points .
The report highlights some of the problems relating to nuclear power and decommissioning nuclear reactors , and I therefore voted in favour of it .
From this perspective , the Eastern Partnership is of paramount importance , as it can guarantee distinction , but it is still clearly consensual with these countries .
This includes a number of policy areas such as budgetary policy , justice policy , internal affairs , but the most important thing for me is foreign policy .
I voted in favour of this proposal for a regulation precisely because ensuring clear and reliable information through the use of the CE mark on the construction of construction products represents a modern step towards a free , competitive market that can provide protection for small and medium-sized enterprises .
Mexico acts within our strategic partnership agreement since 1997 and therefore has already been achieved that they give us the opportunity to assess whether it is done well - as well as we want .
This proposal is a balanced proposal and calls for the development of a wide range of instruments designed to deter people from the violations of the rules which cover issues such as individual liability , transparency and accountability of companies , the right to protection and fair trial , I am delighted that this proposal does not go so far as far as the United States , where the level of fines has caused excessive damage and job losses .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution on the recent earthquake in Haiti .
I must add that , under the accession ' , I mean that it will pay for its part too .
Therefore , a radical change in immigration policy is needed so that people living from economic immigration can remain at home , with the conditions of international aid being redefined , so that these countries can be allowed to become political and economically stable .
Now it is time to move our eyes from Ireland to the Czech Republic .
( DE ) Mr President , Mrs Malmström , Baroness Ashton , ladies and gentlemen , I am a member of the Delegation for relations with the Palestinian Legislative Council , in other words , the Palestinian Parliament .
The vote on the two reports will take place at midday today 8 March .
( PT ) Mr President , it is unacceptable that in the current serious economic crisis in the euro area - the result of the neoliberal policy and the lack of solidarity and economic and social cohesion , not to support the current European Union policy in terms of its financial resources change this policy .
I therefore think that we should ask the Commission to carry out an impact assessment .
I hope that the Council will be sufficiently flexible so that legislation can be adopted in time before the next season , in which the bluetongue is developed .
This resolution reaffirms the need to release a sum , greater than what has already been paid to Kyrgyzstan , particularly in order to react to the United Nations High Representative , which seeks to collect USD 71 million , necessary for urgent assistance .
Other important topics are the placing of market pesticides , research into this area , as well as all steps taken towards the reduction in the impact of pesticides on health and the environment , while maintaining their effectiveness .
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( vote )
To negotiate on the agreement and manage the process of integration properly , the European Union must start by defining and recognising its own interests .
We must support Chinese in solving their problems .
You could say it at least publicly .
The Commission encourages the conversion of specialised care to care in the community and is working closely with the Member States , and particularly with the management authorities of the European Social Fund and the European Regional Development Fund and non-governmental organisations in this area .
I hope that , after all 26 elected Parliament , they have taken their decision , the people of the executive will not keep the democratic process by refusing to give their signature .
As a result of Parliament 's importance , due to the new Treaty of Lisbon , this is also a necessary step .
In July 2007 , a public consultation was opened under the European Charter on Energy Labelling .
Apart from being an individual disaster for millions of people , a failure would be to bring about the efforts of the international community and the opportunities to conduct joint action in the area of humanitarian aid .
Around 80 % of the European Union 's energy consumed , produced from fossil fuels .
Together with the so-called 'economic governance ' , this is an attack against Member States which are in the most competitive position of an economic and social viewpoint and , in fact , would be condemning these countries of economic dependence and the backwardness .
I am aware of the concerns expressed by some of you regarding the introduction of a mandatory 'one warnings ' rule or a preliminary response to combating copyright and Internet piracy .
We are pleased that the Trio Presidency 's programme of the Trio Presidency has focused on one hand , on the monitoring of the implementation of Beijing 's objectives , and , on the other , the intention of a comprehensive approach to preventing and combating poverty affecting women and children .
What I am trying to say is the following : overlap with competence is one , and cooperation is something else , particularly cooperation , necessary to improve things in Europe .
This is something that we need to take care to spread across the European Union .
The decision by the Conference of Presidents of 17 September 2009 to use a special committee to prepare a structured analysis and to draft proposals for appropriate measures to be designed to relaunch sustainable , the financial markets ' susceptibility to crises is deserving of support .
The island population is fighting an epidemic of cholera , 10 months after the earthquake , and international observers put into question the legitimacy of the presidential and parliamentary elections .
Otherwise , how will we maintain competitiveness in the EU if we eliminate one of the best instruments for promoting it and what solution we will find if we harmonise taxes without the consent of all Member States ?
I must draw your attention to the fact that some Member States , including the Czech Republic , have delayed transposition of directives in their national legislation .
It is absolutely essential to comply with the Treaty of Lisbon , as it points out in Article 5 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU ) , that Member States are obliged - not that it is better or desirable - to coordinate their economic policies and policies on employment , and they can coordinate their social policies .
Responsibility for responsibility is vital in the reconciliation process .
Firstly , too quickly , the abolition of the Community system of Community preference may and will have serious consequences for some ACP countries ( ACP ) , which are still exported bananas .
But , as you know , this is not necessarily the directive .
Of course , we could also allocate more funds to the dairy sector , as the Socialists and Democrats have suggested , but it is good that at least part of the funds in this draft budget have been earmarked for this purpose .
I have indicated that these elections will be more democratic than the previous ones .
After 15 years , he will reach 34 % .
It is no longer a case of the right to water is protected by widespread and secular and religious movements and individuals .
I voted for the recommendation on the energy performance of buildings because it encourages the objective of achieving approximately zero energy consumption for buildings .
We really believe that , in the near future , this approach will lead to certain specific measures .
Corruption on corruption must not be paid out of the innocent living with the frequency and which are threatened by tuberculosis and malaria .
I also welcome the call for increased access to funding , because in the current economic conditions , access to funding is crucial for survival , not to mention small businesses ' shoes .
We need financial stability .
The proposed by the ECR Group , which I did not support , was rejected .
( PT ) The Lisbon Strategy revised Lisbon is one of the European Union 's main tools to promote financial deregulation , to privatise public services , the liberalisation of markets and global trade , deregulating labour relations and the violation of workers ' rights .
The work that was supposed to be done in this regard has taken several years and was very successful .
We will point out our common intention to oppose protectionism at national and international level .
( GA ) The ash cloud does not recognise any political and physical boundaries ; this disaster once again , reminded us of the most dangerous strength of nature .
Experience from the implementation of the system , the recommendations from experts and the concerns expressed rightly by the institutions and by organisations , can help us to resolve certain problems .
We will have to continue to protect the rights of Internet users and , above all , to set them better .
Thank you , Mr President .
It is the ambition of Estonia to adopt a single currency despite the crisis that has left its mark and on it .
In this context , we must also not overlook the fact that the system that must allow the social security schemes of the countries in the European Union to recover expenses of one another does not work , and that , over the years , they have accumulated debts over millions of euro .
The conclusion and conclusion of fisheries partnership agreements meets the EU 's common objective for maintaining and preserving the fishing activities of its vessels .
I believe that we must remain vigilant and prepared for every emergency that can happen in Europe .
On the contrary , today we have a public recognition of the complaining that has been a journalist , and which is why his conscience is not a prisoner of the imagination that he has been sending out 10 Greek Cypriots .
What Europe needs today is united and to take strong action , not further divisions .
The referendum alone is an example of its success , regardless of the silver lining of the imagination .
Such changes can only be made by EU aid , in terms of both finance and expertise , and they must be available for all , with a view to patient safety .
We will also strike food security in the regional dimension .
However , we must ensure that these proposals are more than hot political prisoners and take action to implement them as quickly as possible .
We will try to coordinate the need to be more consistent with the rights of MEPs to honour their obligations and vote .
It is therefore completely unclear when science should intervene when the measures to control disease should be communicated and when political action should be taken .
Unfortunately , in the area of external relations , the country currently holds the Presidency can not shape a foreign and foreign affairs programme , common defence or security , and therefore , honourable Members , do not have any other choice , but to support Mrs Ashton 's work , which is beginning with many difficulties .
I would therefore call on both the Commission and the Council to ensure that the Transatlantic Economic Council receives all the necessary support , because it does not automatically give it .
( PL ) Madam President , the two more ambitious EU-Ukraine alliance has led to a significant increase in regional imbalances within the Community .
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , the European Parliament has made a significant contribution to the efforts of these agreements and therefore must receive complete and regular information about all events relating to PNR .
One point : in paragraph 12 , where there is talk about Macedonia 's radar , the text should read the GSP+ from the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ' .
( DE ) Mr President , Baroness Ashton , ladies and gentlemen , we need a common foreign policy , CSDP , but let us use it to achieve a world without nuclear weapons .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the subject of agricultural production is of key importance as regards providing information to the purchaser and the consumer for the characteristics of products and in terms of safeguarding the assurances that purchasing products from the European Union is synonymous with high quality of the different regional traditions within the Union .
We have succeeded in reaching broad agreement and I would like to thank you here , the President of ECOFIN , the Belgian Presidency , which has had a direct and substantial contribution , particularly through the intense involvement of the Minister in the key trialogues , as well as the Commissioner Barnier , whose work was particularly useful .
I believe that the correct waste disposal of electrical and electronic equipment ( electronic ) is extremely important .
The financial crisis and the debt crisis have revealed the gaps in the functioning and control of the financial sector .
The funds are also crucial for financing initiatives aimed at preparing Europe for post-crisis situations , such as the activities of capacity building in new areas and new technologies for Europeans .
However , in addition to providing approval of transitional provisions , we must be a priority of the immediate proposal and subsequent approval of the regulation involving the multiannual financial framework of the European Union and the Financial Regulation .
This is the key to Europe 's climate change policy and its goals in Copenhagen .
If the war does indeed come up soon , it is essential that Sri Lanka is now to turn its attention to the most pragmatic disarmament , anti-democratic and reintegration into the ballot box .
I supported this report on the European strategy for youth , as I think it will be vital for the inclusion of young people in employment with full working time in the coming years .
This law is actually dealing with using these languages only as an opportunity and sees this opportunity only in a negative way , not as a positive right , failing to treat it as a right that can be necessary and applied in everyday life .
Therefore , during the current economic crisis , it is crucial to use EU funding to maintain the EU 's PROGRESS aid programme for the most deprived persons in the European Union ' .
I hope that the same thing will not happen in future in the area of health services .
He was a spy , but his services and lawyers have said that such a thing can not be achieved .
This proposal provides for savings of the scale in terms of financial , human and technical resources .
This cooperation between the Commission and civil society strengthens , covering a wide range of issues of political dialogue to the management of projects , both within the European Union and in the most advanced partners .
We must therefore avoid any direct , more mobile ways in trying to reach our renewable energy targets .
The technical preparation of the CCCTB is so far made significant progress .
It has just been reported that , as a European Year of intercultural dialogue , and I think that this dialogue has just begun .
However , this instrument has emerged because you have made personal efforts , partly in the face of the opposition from the German Government and your partners - the Christian union in Germany - to ensure that this happens .
However , this measure is not enough - a culture of nuclear safety is needed .
The next point I would like to mention is access and sharing the benefits .
I would like to call on the Commissioners Füle and Mr Oettinger to present information to the European Parliament on the progress of the negotiations and results of this group .
We have been able to be MEPs and instead of this being worked in advisers .
This will create a fairer system of the 'polluter pays ' principle with the provision of guarantees that will provide a transparent market and prevent discrimination .
What happened with Hungary , as it was necessary to make available to the country of additional assistance from EUR 20 billion , which did not happen with other economies .
We are on the first day , which I think is important .
In relation to tuna , we have a scandal for the abolition of the rules of origin , without taking into account the conditions in the agreements with the New Guinea and Fiji Islands , which is at the service of our main competitors , Thailand and the Philippines .
The report is devoted to prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances and recommends strengthening supervision .
Many of businesses are still more serious , as they receive less than the euro cents , while their production costs are at least 40 euro cents .
Against the background of the situation in the entire region , the document and the work it should be duly evaluated .
The Europe 2020 strategy objective must be effectively to activate a broad European employment initiative , which , for example , strengthens schemes for increased , particularly those who have been destroyed by the most profitable councils , intensive training or retraining and improving workers ' skills , internships , internships , employment and grants to starting work from self-employed and businesses .
Of course , the Tribunal will not be able to continue its work indefinitely .
Partly because we are not talking enough about the benefits of moving to a world after carbon , the millions of jobs in green energy , better houses , more profitable houses , the most profitable public transport .
I also welcome the principle that the European Parliament should have a common air miles system in order to provide a chance of cheaper travel .
In practice , this will even exacerbate environmental protection standards .
I agree with the rapporteur that members of the Committee of the Regions should declare their financial interests by revealing the relevant information on professional activities .
Extending maternity leave to 20 weeks when receiving the full pay is a young friend .
Dates of forthcoming sittings : see Minutes
This was blocked a year ago , with responsibility for the members of your political group , among others .
After all , the ideas of the greatest form raise social change .
I would also like to mention the calendar timetable .
In order to improve healthcare systems in sub-Saharan Africa and worldwide , it is extremely important for the European Union to work in a coordinated manner with the rest of the international community .
It is right that those in Portugal , such as the Portuguese Communist Party , who , in rejecting this Treaty , requested that a referendum and a broad national discussion of its extremely serious consequences for Portugal , Europe , the world and peace as a whole .
We are facing the challenge of making the European economy the most competitive in the world , and I think it is unacceptable to create a burden that will lead to the withdrawal of capital from Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am voting for the motion for a resolution on the situation in the Horn of Africa .
Innovation can not have a reduction in workers .
Finally , we must not forget the necessary support for the development of civil society as a guarantor of democracy , which must not only be adhered to to procedures , but also be a truly inclusive one .
in writing . - ( PL ) Until now , during various legislative periods , the European Parliament has been put forward with thirteen resolutions on the subject of climate change .
For example , we are talking about taxing the financial sector .
Colleagues , your friends in this Chamber will undoubtedly call when I conclude , for a more social Europe and for greater protection .
The activities identified by the network constitute a very useful basis for the Commission 's work .
However , I would like to emphasise clearly that the Treaty of Lisbon has entered into force and this reinforces the role of the European Parliament .
At the same meeting of the Council , Ministers agreed that employment is an important factor in avoiding social exclusion .
In fact , Hungarian Prime Minister , Mr Prime Minister , I have reassured the discovery of the idea of European solidarity .
We are obliged to prevent the allocation of funds or State aid in one Member State , which has the result of job losses in other EU regions .
I would like to remind honourable Members that , in almost all trade and cooperation agreements that we entered into since 1995 , a human rights clause is included and such in agreements with already in my view , the 134 parties .
The Commission has outlined the measures that we believe are urgently needed , in our communication on energy by 2020 and energy infrastructure .
Delays are already occurring over a year and a half .
Now to see what the result is .
We can protect our high moral moral hazard and prevent the estrangement of our public service and lifestyle , only if we remain faithful to the values of democracy and the rule of law .
We must not overlook the fact that a significant proportion of the resources channelled into these countries as public development aid , ultimately goes back in the countries of origin in the form of purchasing goods and services .
It can not be denied that Italy has shown willingness and commitment .
I abstained on this report because it calls for the European Social Fund to be reformed and strengthened , but it puts it at the service of the EU 2020 strategy .
On 30 January 2009 , the Commission adopted a proposal for a new regulation on textile fibre names and related labelling of textile products .
Regarding the last question , I must ask you to be patience , as I can not give you a reply .
I would like to draw attention here to the need to support the most comprehensive dialogue at regional level as an important element in the process of European integration .
As such events occur rarely , an analysis needs to be carried out on the causes and finding solutions to prevent them from happening .
Just because the collection of waste of every two weeks is a direct consequence of the EU directive on landfill , which was supported in this House by the British Conservative Party and the Conservatives .
That is one level .
Even if it is a vote only at first reading , this is an important result , since that period , it has been possible for many work in recent months with colleagues from other national delegations and other political groups .
Why ?
But on the other , a very important point of view , the problems are being cleared up .
The importance of the Stabilisation and Association process in Serbia and for supporting an overwhelming pro-European government is indisputable .
I would like to make two or three things .
Chinese journalists apply a system of irregularity , which requires them to adopt the government 's position .
I believe that the adoption of this report will amount to a significant step forward towards a new partnership agreement between the European Union and Russia .
( RO ) The Microfinance Facility for Employment and Social Integration supports and should support the implementation of simplified procedures so that the people affected by the crisis can benefit from it in the most effective way .
This is one of our priorities first .
( LT ) Mr President , this discussion is very important , but very late , I think .
Why did we avert the problems caused by poor , and do nothing to say about the sufferers ?
I voted against a motion for a resolution tabled for a vote in Parliament today , for the same reason why the Greens did not support the Barroso II Commission : because of the lack of ambition .
( CS ) Madam President , Austria voted against the nuclear power station in the Gulf of just to get rid of one more disappointing Chancellor , which created a unique Europe for a structure - a nuclear power plant built on a scale .
Finally , I would like to say that both the ΕΜΑS and the Ecolabel are exceptional initiatives .
Together with the UN , the EU must act more decisively and more incisive in these cases in order to prevent violations of international law with such serious consequences .
These people need a more sustainable thing such as food , water and medical , and they also need technical assistance .
If you have gone down your car , Mr Barroso , and the film working only at 79 % of the time , there is no doubt that at some time we will be going to get it .
The Council encourages Croatia to continue with efforts to resolve all the outstanding bilateral issues and , in particular , border disputes .
The basis for such open dialogue is the most interesting interest that we have on the development of our relations , our most disturbs interests towards global peace and stability .
Globalisation can be shameless , not the curse .
We must therefore strive for a breakthrough .
In addition , it calls on the Commission to speed up the approval of genetically modified food imports , which I do not agree at all .
Just as Mr Barnier said , trust is most important .
All Heads of State or Government agreed with this need and the fact that it requires a limited modification of the Treaty .
It must reflect the realities of current cooperation with Russia .
( ET ) Mr President , I , too , voted in favour of this report , as it introduces uniform and mandatory requirements for quality and human organs used in transplantation , in all Member States , and thus guarantees the protection of donors and recipients , while promoting cooperation between Member States .
However , the second argument concerns the situation of the Afghan people .
This requires Parliament 's participation .
I would like the Commissioner to tell us what she thinks it would be appropriate in the future on this issue .
You must also provide information and debate .
This underlines the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union .
For example , there are over 200 000 Georgians that can not receive even basic education in the language of the Catalan language .
In future , Member States will have to ensure that the statistics transmitted are made available to ensure quality results .
It is extremely important that violence against women is finally taken not only a crime in terms of women or the social unit of the family , but we also know the accompanying costs that are borne by society as a whole , as is happening increasingly .
Subject : European supervisory authority
I just wanted to announce this to know when the votes came to the job .
These products reach the market of these countries and should be subject to market laws in these countries .
I strongly propose that in this case , the clear message of the European Parliament of April 2009 : we need a clear and convincing message that the EU really is a concern for the lives of 34 unarmed members of the Iranian opposition and does not have to tolerate the repression of their freedoms and dignity .
Half it , the Conservative Party , pretend they are Euro-sceptic , whatever it means as a half , the other half , the party , are unreservedly the winner .
On behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance , I welcome the fact that the Union invests heavily in improving housing for the most disadvantaged communities , but we must not stop now when we deal with so well .
Information programmes available on the Internet should be comfortable for consumers and in an easier way to target stakeholders in the documents .
It is clear that democracy in Ukraine is continuing the process of consolidation .
On the other hand , the group mentioned the division of portfolios and pointed out one that is important for me as a lawyer , the king for freedom , and as Chair of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , and which relates to the Directorate-General for Justice and Home Affairs in DG , which deals with issues of justice and fundamental rights and other , defined for security issues .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , today 's economic crisis is a crisis of overproduction and an unnecessary asset .
One of the most important steps is that banks start to stimulate the economy as quickly as possible and small and medium-sized enterprises .
From this point of view , it is not enough to say that the problem is of the car industry and that we have had so many meetings and discussions .
I will take this opportunity left us by some colleagues who have come to a delay and are currently taking their seats to express my esteem for those services , thanks to whom our younger staff are not being wasted .
We will do so 50 % of our population , 50 % of our citizens and will succeed .
The economic crisis and the reduction in budgetary and human resources has led to some countries to the closure of many schools , particularly in rural areas .
Today , we say that more and more producers must be forced to give and that the money that will be reimbursed - this is said in the text - will be used for producers who have withdrawn their quotas .
This will also reduce the environmental damage .
I believe that stricter capital requirements are needed for financial institutions in quantitative and qualitative terms .
These are the two aspects that we in the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) believe to be correct .
Following the discussions between the two Asian countries , which were suspected of suspicion , mistrust and conflicting messages , and intervention by the European Presidency and the Commission seem to be found as if any solution was found .
However , because of his own area , called on Macedonia , Greece is opposed to the use of the name of Macedonia , insisting instead on using the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ' or FYROM .
Mr President , I very much am pleased to accept the opportunity to welcome the excellent reports of the three rapporteurs and indeed thank all Members of this House - not only from the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , but also from many other committees that have been presented here in this great deal .
Agreement between the EC and the Emirates on certain aspects of air services (
This caused by EUR 80 million and affected some thousand farmers who lost their jobs and have fallen without means of continuing production in the coming months .
It is one of the weakest links in the Commission and has so far shown that it really knows with the external affairs .
The recent events in Alexandria are a reminder of the fact that the European Parliament called on before the government of Egypt to ensure that the Coptic Christians and members of other religious communities and minorities the opportunity to exercise all human rights and fundamental freedoms - including the right to freely choose and change their religion - and not to prevent discrimination against such groups .
( FR ) Madam President , too little , too late , inadequate coordination , lack of solidarity , in reduced size - these are the real responses that the plan for the recovery of the European Union and the Commission 's proposals at this stage .
This changes the meaning of the preamble to the German constitution , which talks about action on behalf of those who have not been allowed to participate in real policy .
Thank you , too , for being brief .
I would also like to thank you , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , for the constructive and so we need support that you have once again expressed your congratulations to the SEPA project and which is in accordance with the European Commission 's commitments .
In autumn 2008 , my family and I have been caught in London for reasons relating to the school activity , and I was a direct witness to the sudden devaluation of British pound , with 30 % over a few weeks .
The Treaty of Lisbon strengthens the role of social partners and promotes social dialogue between trade unions and representatives of employers at European level .
The majority of the special advisory panel of experts in the FAO believe that the evidence of the proposal of Atlantic bluefin tuna to be included in Appendix I to the CITES Convention and , moreover , said that its listing on the list would , at least , ensure the decline in recent catches in the eastern Atlantic and the Mediterranean .
I fully agree with her on how the country 's origin mark must be worked on .
This report is another step forward to making the European Council more convincing , the Commission and the Member States take action on homelessness .
Approval of Minutes of previous sitting : see Minutes
I would like to remind you that we do not have any general legislative mandate on every matter .
This is not only a technical procedure .
( DA ) Mr President , for some reason , the communication from the Arctic Commission , in my head , formed the head of the crowd , in the thinking of the most pleasant , mixed with the globalist .
The Czech Republic is preparing a report on its six-month leadership of the European Council to Parliament , different from the authority in taking this role .
I know that it is not easy to achieve a result that will help cross-border healthcare , with due consideration being taken , firstly , differences in the social security systems of Member States , secondly , the different level of economic development of Member States , and thirdly , the different level of health services provided in each Member State .
We must also put a question of the effectiveness of the measures implemented and establish how they could be improved in order to achieve real objectives that enable socio-economic integration and achieving fully European citizenship for the Roma .
Finally , in a period when private insurance firms do not offer compensation for the forest is obligatory , given the lack of activity in this respect of the private sector , to think about building a more solid collective structure that would be attacked against storms and fires .
We will certainly consider the most radical experience and lessons to be learnt from the nuclear accident , and we will need to have a stress test , and I hope , Commissioner , that we will do this at European level - because borders are not relevant when similar incidents occur .
We must also make the necessary media coverage of the situation in Libya not to disadvantage the severity of the humanitarian crisis in Côte d'Ivoire .
I welcome the motion for a resolution on international adoption , which we voted on today .
It has my voice , as well as the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .
As a citizen of a country that has recently experienced totalitarian regime and freedom of speech guaranteed by a democratic regime , I can not sympathise with the cause of this woman , I am afraid of human rights , and I am sure that this will be taken into account .
Studies , most of which I fear , have not been made within the EU , show that if children receive support and what they need , they help them later on : crime is reduced , improving health and limiting unemployment that we all benefit .
By voting adopting today with a very large majority of a resolution ( the overwhelming majority of the votes for ' , 80 votes against and 33 abstentions ) , the French Democratic Movement delegation reiterate his desire to assess the impact and put forward practical proposals by the European Commission on the creation of taxes on financial transactions .
Mr President , how are the Taliban Sanctions being put in the same category with Osama Bin Laden and al-Qaeda in the original list ?
One of them is shared , the principle of solidarity , which is unquestionably very important .
The exploitation of workers are the lifeblood of the timber industry in these countries , and the associated deforestation is a huge threat to the livelihoods of indigenous peoples .
( EL ) Madam President , the current economic crisis has drawn our attention to our firm position on the need for regulation , not by deregulating mergers , and creating multinationals , and the need for changes in antitrust legislation and the need to remove the monopoly and non-standard organisations that , apart from the other , are manipulating prices and cutting employees , and which are only governed by the profit motive .
It is important for us to understand that farmers ' incomes depend on direct payments , although they do not afford a decent standard of living .
Commissioner , I would like to welcome you to the nuclear package that has just been exhausted , and which relates specifically to the new nuclear power plants , as well as the proposal in future , the standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) become binding .
I would add just one more thing to conclude , Mr President : I naturally call on Mr Reinfeldt to achieve consensus within the Council , as well as the coalition coalition within Parliament to be reflected in the nominations and distribution of individual roles .
The right to disabled persons to be accompanied - something often needed so that they can travel , is guaranteed only in long distances .
This is about this regulation and its implementation .
The events in North Africa have drawn attention to the importance of the common European immigration policy and demonstrated the need for integration , underpinned by the relevant means and by European solidarity .
In the Commission communication entitled 'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in the world of change ' , various indicators are proposed for measuring GDP .
Last autumn , we voted against Mr Barroso because it does not share our view of the importance of good working conditions , equality and transition to sustainable society .
Finally , I would like to state that the Union must demonstrate flexibility to India 's request to protect the Indian geographic indications so that India can , in return , provide protection for European geographical indications .
( The sitting was opened at 1.15 p.m . )
We must not open the door to social dumping rather than include a sustainable approach in trade agreements .
Similarly , we want the Court to allow Parliament and the Committee on Budgetary Control to do their work as quickly as possible .
Violence affects women at a different stage of their lives , in childhood to a mature age .
Thank you .
( FR ) Madam President , we must be interested in getting rid of the Afghan trapped in which we have been governed by the politics followed by George Bush .
They will become common principles for all institutions .
Better and more efficient monitoring and monitoring systems are also needed to serve as examples of good practice .
The Commission believes that the role of the IMF in the fight against the effects of the crisis is very important .
Of course , there are significant improvements , but there are also considerable gaps .
This important step towards better multi-level governance responds to Parliament 's repeated demands to strengthen the participation of regional and local authorities in the development of policies , always respecting the different constitutional provisions of the parties .
However , there are also clear flaws in terms of funding .
Finally , Europe must be leader in both the rules and the construction of storage facilities .
These are much money , ladies and gentlemen , but we have not been seriously debating this issue .
I regret , however , that today , too often , the message that Israel is a democratic state .
It must be noted that prices are rising at the same time slowly , but lowered rapidly .
Bilateral agreements can not contain elements such as judicial protection of non-discriminatory grounds , rectification and deletion and ban on data extraction and profiling .
I therefore believe that it is worth giving Parliament a clear message to citizens who will observe us tomorrow , while we vote on the parliamentary report drafted by the three committees together .
The transatlantic relationship is important , of course , but we must be absolutely clear : Parliament has been more weighed against any future enlargement of the European Union , unless prior to the reform of the 27 countries , which will operate more effectively .
The aim is to seek and find a balance between the requirements for growth and development and the realisation of the need for responsible implementation of austerity measures .
Finally , please all consider the transposition of the package .
Negotiations on Iceland began in July 2010 .
We have achieved a broad consensus .
In Europe , we are paying around USD 400 .
Finally , we must not draw your attention to tackling the economic crisis .
This report describes this picture very clearly .
In order to have better research and development , as well as innovation , we must also consider cohesion policy as an integral part of these objectives and we must put them into a broader context .
In any case , I would like to express my support for the directive , which seeks to resolve the issue of the employment of illegal immigrants .
It is not only a very good knowledge of the European economy and making decisions in the EU , which is precious quality nowadays , but also very great experience in global economic governance - for example , through its successful coping with the G20 Presidency .
It is interesting me whether you really think about a small group of the United Kingdom and whether you are at all thinking that you are a representative of the European Union ?
We all know that prevention and early diagnosis are essential for the effective fight against cancer , so the majority of efforts must be concentrated in this area .
Thank you for this .
( Explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with Rule 170 of the Rules of Procedure )
Recently , researchers discovered that the most educated household waste was absorbed into the Mediterranean in the region around Naples .
If this does not help , then we must be determined and determined by the stars .
You can go ahead .
In view of changing the fishing capacity , I would like to highlight the importance of modernising equipment for professional dignity and the safety of fishermen in the sector where the loss of human life is not rare .
Action Plan ( debate )
And then , will they give the money to passengers ?
It is not common in this House with so many political parties and political groups still have unanimous support for what we are proposing .
This House is not always being treated in dignity , but this is also true for all parliaments throughout the world .
Let me assure Parliament that we will continue to raise the problems of other forums , including at the highest level .
Only in this way will we throw the title of a decent heirs of Europe 's founding fathers , thanks to what we are here today .
In this context , they warmly welcome the French initiative for a formal return to NATO 's military structures and the efforts of the French Presidency of the Council of the European Union for further convergence between the EU and NATO , in response to the new challenges ahead of security ' .
Montenegro would probably have to wait for longer for this status if it was not dealt with at the same time in relation to Albania .
It is obvious that the parties responsible are two when it comes to the mass humanitarian crisis in Gaza .
If this House does not want to be held at the one Member State 's breakfast with a Member State , I propose voting against the amendments and the original text .
We now know even more about Fukushima , including the fact that the disaster was systematically updated , and that the explosion of the active area has happened very earlier than the Japanese admitted .
Thank you for your attention .
But one such safety , just as it is not at all over Europe , who knows how much achievement is .
We therefore call on the Member States to use our funds .
In addition , technical meetings were suspended on the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement , the cooperation Committee and the PCA were suspended .
But you , Commissioner , have said that one of the main problems is access to capital and you mentioned the European Investment Bank .
I agree with the rapporteur that the existing grey needs to be replaced by a free document containing the basic investor information .
The EU is now trying to approach a new approach .
Since the claim will only be authorised for transitional foods , this is crucial .
We support all actions intended to achieve a fair and lasting peace .
In my opinion , Europe needs to think in the spirit of the Marshall Plan , which has done its work very well after the Second World War .
These are proposals which we naturally support .
We had a debate about how small and medium-sized enterprises are in operation of the whole European economy .
With regard to gross domestic product , the transport sector produces 10 % of the wealth of the European Union and provides more than 10 million jobs , but it is , on the other hand , responsible for 25 % of all CO2 emissions .
The law that is potentially threatening the freedom of the media in Hungary is a law that is currently in force .
However , I would like to thank the Commission , who is working on this directive with many energy that I have brought the opposition from the Member States and , which has tried to help Parliament find a way in the public procurement legislation .
This will , of course , be the second regular meeting during the Swedish Presidency , and also the last , configuration of the rotating principle .
The regulatory legislation in this area is too strict and , in many cases , counterproductive .
The proposal has no impact on the EU budget and is indisputable .
We have a idea of Europe , as it sees it , David Cameron or the Dutch Government - or at least , the party , which is the party , supported by the government in the Dutch chamber of Deputies - a Europe of increasing budget cuts , a Europe of the growing withdrawal from the growing development of and the Europe of renationalisation .
In this sense , intellectual property rights must not be perceived as an obstacle , but in fact as a driving force for creative activities , especially in the context of the development of online services .
He has clearly stated that , with its entry into force , it will pave the way for cooperation with the border guards agency and for numerous immigration regulations , for example , within the framework of readmission agreements and security of the borders with Afghanistan .
When we debate immigration , we should not be engaging in ideological manipulation , but to put into the core of the instructions referred to in the European Pact on Immigration and Asylum , which is based on integration and solidarity .
The levy it proposes , includes a tax on financial transactions .
Thank you for all the efforts made , and this is a good solution for both Ireland and for Europe .
( Applause )
Without a proper mandate , we can not conclude acceptable agreements .
I also hope that the new rules will not increase the cost of small and medium-sized producers of the feed industry .
The decision of the European Parliament and of the Council aims to ensure a guarantee of the European Union ( EU ) of the EIB to lose loans and guarantees for projects outside the EU .
I voted for this report .
Let me remind you that , in 2007 , more than 10 % of those working in the European Union were self-employed .
All the best of your country and you are all in your own personal .
A real energy efficiency policy must also mean an opportunity to sell electricity at a lower cost to the railways , disproportionately and the non of the same as the case in France before the European energy directives on the single market ban .
If we do this , we will not want more and more budgetary resources to be able to use the budget to create modern policies for the future .
( IT ) Mr President , I am grateful to the Commissioner for the response to soil erosion , but I would like to ask him an additional question .
The Council 's Council 's presentation at first reading : see Minutes
In the same way , the Treaty of Lisbon can not be used to this end , nor should it pursue such goals as a pretext for managing the crisis .
We are on enormous crime , and in particular , terrorism , as is well known to the most recent scene .
The debate is closed .
This is a measure which has been taken into account for which we have spent for quite a few years .
International Women 's Day must also say that these debates on Thursday afternoons deserve the least such a piece of praise , as we now have in plenary .
Madam President , it is good that we have been conducting this debate ; we have recently had such a debate .
The only thing we can be safe is that if we do not try , we will not achieve anything .
The Council , for example , proposed that the opt-out should be reduced to a maximum working week from 78 hours to 60 or 65 hours and prohibit the opt-out in the signing of an employment contract , or limiting the validity of the workers ' consent to the exception .
I thought to some of our Member States ' leaders , for all those who will respond to their history of political courage , missed opportunities , the lack of vision .
I was in Vukovar when this small , the model of Europe was destroyed and hundreds of thousands of people remained homeless , and thousands have lost their lives .
They are , in particular , trying to present any opposition to immigration on a crime .
The hypocrisy of the Spanish Presidency and the Council 's position is that the mandate for negotiations with the European Council , which will take time and is technically complex at the end of the first half of 2010 .
Opening of the sitting
We can be sure that the current decision of the Constitutional Court will indeed strengthen the position of the President and weaken this Parliament .
Every year , the Scottish Government has changed its strategy on this issue , which often leads to very difficult situations which have negative effects , especially on children themselves , who are in the most difficult situation , and without this being a situation for other reasons .
Those countries which joined the European Union in 2007 have only accepted some of the provisions on the Schengen area and then apply them to this limited scope .
I wanted to mention the above statement in view of this , alongside corruption and of this problem worthy of appropriate attention in the action plan .
Instead , these are people who are asking questions .
The main aspect that the Committee on Regional Development wants to emphasise is about the need for transparency and awareness of the results achieved in the period 2009-2011 and the provision of suitable instruments for coordinating actions financed through the EAFRD and structural funds to build broadband infrastructure .
For these reasons , I support the motion for a resolution on the situation in Tunisia .
The partnership proposed by the Commission is aimed at supporting Member States in their efforts to cope with cancer by providing a framework for the search for the search for the search for the search for the search for the search for information , capacity and expertise in the area of prevention and control of cancer .
The great concern enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon was how to bring Europe closer to its citizens .
The stability of the Caucasus is also undoubtedly in the interests of the EU , but we must not leave the responsibility for this Turkey plan , otherwise new dependencies will emerge and even pressure in the accession process .
This is misleading .
Mr President , the funds that are being provided for development cooperation must actually serve the development objectives , so that we can help poor countries to get the blows of the financial and economic crisis that they should not be blamed .
The fact that some European countries are lagging behind in the area of teaching of alien languages is closing very close to students at a time when more jobs are becoming an international character .
We call on the Heads of State or Government that will hold this evening in preparation for the G20 to include the agenda of its meeting the dairy crisis , so that appropriate measures are taken to respond to livestock farmers .
If we can achieve this through agreements between euro area countries , we must not only consider it , but also work to be achieved in the coming weeks and a few months .
If possible , in order to maintain an agreement in this House , tomorrow 's vote should be postponed .
We will follow developments in this area .
The Commission shares Parliament 's concerns over recent signals regarding the Azerbaijani Government 's contempt for the human rights .
Workers are going through training .
Although , until now , it is better informed or better informed patients who have benefited from the advantages of cross-border healthcare , this opportunity is now being opened up for all other things .
I would first like to say that I am very pleased that during the debate in this House , it was confirmed once again that Parliament , the Commission and the Council are of the opinion when it comes to protecting our common values and , as I said in my speech , when it comes to a decisive position against any kind of terrorism .
It is also necessary to work on closer cooperation and it is imperative that the Council and the European Parliament work in closer cooperation , and that of its part requires willingness to act as partners .
The same applies to the citizens ' citizens , so that everyone who succeeds in acquiring a Serbian passport will be able to travel visa-free .
The Commission 's budget is determined annually by the budgetary authority .
After all , these are the cases concerning the Western Balkan countries , which they ultimately have to take responsibility .
The concept of 'work ' must be interpreted wider .
If such laws are accepted , it is not permissible for some countries to be forced to comply , and others to actually release .
However , we are concerned about some aspects , not least from the guiding principles of the European Research Area , as it must focus on cooperation between the real research and cooperation networks , reviewing all the trends on the focus of scientific and human resources in the more developed countries and reducing existing disparities in national research systems .
The pirates 's departure was the collection of a ship in Somali waters .
We need fundamental respect for the Stability and Growth Pact and reliable and correct data is required on which we can take a decision .
Any support that is paid to industry during the fall must be targeted at the demands of adapting to environmental challenges .
In this process , the Roma , and I also think about the whole of the European Union , it is about something much more than mutual trust .
Who will go hand and say 'We need to think about environmental issues ? '
On this day , concerning the fight against women for recognition and exercising their rights , the worsening situation has been deteriorating in terms of unemployment and the number of volatile jobs , as well as low wage and discrimination in relation to pay and motherhood , which have suffered workers .
At a time , the French Government did not hesitate to families or staff to return from the releases , nor does it mobilise the army or other rescue services .
I hope that this decision will not affect the number of judgments .
I also agree with the rapporteur that , in order to strengthen the strengthened mechanism , the responsibility for cosmetics claims should be given to an independent organisation to ensure independent evaluation .
I certainly understand why many of you have no interest in talking about Europe as a whole .
That was the position we began .
And in this case we have not managed to find a consistent European approach , at least as regards security control , so-called stress tests .
Let us also remember that there are substantial shifts in agricultural interests in Mercosur , such as manufacturing , wine production , cheese and vegetables and geographical indications .
Since energy security is a crucial factor for the Member States of the European Union , Ukraine plays an important role and should therefore be encouraged to resolve its energy problems by improving its relations with Russia through bilateral agreements .
This means that , for maintaining and managing our office in Brussels , the Catalan delegation in the European Parliament receives the same means as MEPs in Malta for the same work there .
Secondly , the need to take a serious look at the issue of copyright , as copyright is a great hope and an opportunity to develop a more open market , and this aspect of the market should be regulated jointly .
That concludes the item .
Madam President , I am well aware that I did not reply to every single question , but I remain fully available to Parliament to provide all the information requested by Members of this Parliament and , in particular , those who asked me to have questions tonight , as well as when I have it .
Finally , something with regard to Poland and Hungary : one Member said that the ECB has not been consulted by them , as it has to be .
( The President cut off the speaker )
If the Irish people say 'yes ' , it will be sooner because Europe realised that Europe is secure , particularly in times of crisis .
I have one comment on the threat mechanism that talks about the post of President of the Council .
I am very happy if we are to work on concrete projects in this regard .
In order for the European Union to achieve its target targets for 2020 , it will undoubtedly be a major increase in targeted investments in low-carbon technologies .
For this reason , it is the European Commission , which is the Community institution and indeed follows the Monnet method and Schuman , that should take a leading role in this area .
This is a success assurance , because the Innovation Union is , above all , a strategy for the economic development of the European Union .
They can be used to mutual awareness of best practice and it is desirable for more feminist associations to benefit from existing networks in order to work between each other in the different rural areas .
With the most productive expansion of the east , the situation inevitably became much more complex .
As far as the introduction of a system of own resources is concerned , I still have huge hesitation in the unilateral introduction of a financial transaction tax without a thorough impact study .
We condemn the violent and unjustified reaction of the Kenyan Government , which violently repressed a peaceful and democratic demonstration .
We are now facing the fourth financing of rescue - the second financing for rescuing Greece - unless , of course , you say , today , that it is not necessary and that is not what we need .
I hope you will be able to get them into the future .
At the same time , the Council drew attention that , on the one hand , while the accession negotiations , the EEA Agreement will constitute the main contractual basis between Iceland and the EU , and , on the other hand , that Iceland has also been an active and constructive partner in the framework of this agreement and the Schengen area in the last two years .
The EEAS must be part of the Commission regarding administration and budget , as well as a formal part of the Commission , as a unique structure , the College of Commissioners ' structure .
( HU ) The possibility of a European citizens ' initiative could encourage the development of public debates on European issues leading to a genuine European public domain .
Last November , we in the European Parliament called on the Member States of the EU and the EU itself to finally address the situation of women during war and armed conflicts .
A significant proportion of the population suffers from malnutrition and a lack of adequate medical care , and the Kenyan Government rejects all forms of cooperation with the United Nations authorities , which does not allow people in North Korea to have any access to international humanitarian aid .
These few points that are not a comprehensive list are the absolute minimum to ensure that the Doha Round will indeed encourage development .
Mr President , Mrs Malmström , asylum policy is a very topical issue , as has been evident from the recent cases in Lampedusa and in Greece .
It is also clear that this report is equal to this report , and I would like to emphasise once again , because it does not constitute a single party programme .
It gives guidelines to men and women for a joint work for a better future for us and for our children , because only by working together , we can ensure equality between women and men not only the law but also in everyday life , in economic and social life .
I know , for example , that it is extremely difficult to get the department in a airline .
The Fund for science and research is one of the EU 's largest funds .
One of the possible explanations of detection of so many new cases each year is precisely the high level of progress made by the emergence of new prevention programmes , most of which are funded by the European Union .
We had a risky budgetary policy by using budget deficits to stimulate the economy .
We are keen to support you .
The document that is concerned not only about improvements as a result of the adoption of the new Statute , but also to the EIB 's activities .
For example , in one month , the price of butter has risen by 4 % in France , with 8 % in Germany and even more in the UK .
Standards accounting standards ( vote )
The site set out on television from a young Libyan woman that she was raped by Gaddafi 's troops , the public .
On the one hand , we heard from the Council that if the European Arrest Warrant is implemented correctly and efficiently , and it is not used for many minor offences , as has happened , its advantages are far more than the shortcomings .
In the Atlantic Ocean , the pelagic sector has no longer enjoyed derogations , removing the applicable derogations regarding coastal fishing , the derogation , with the exception of one case .
Furthermore , Parliament wanted in the 2011 budget to have some reservations .
The same argument was used as an explanation of other religious killings in Turkey .
The location is a great place , but I am very disappointed that none of them is with the most inefficient .
In addition to the differences in contract law , other barriers to cross-border transactions such as tax matters , intellectual property or the existence of methods of electronic payments .
In the interests of all citizens , Commissioner , the situation after a nuclear accident is managed by the Commission , given that this very clearly exceeds the interests of individual national governments .
Finally , let us not worry about the value of the euro : the fall in the common currency is good for the eurozone economy .
We need further research and the protection of the flow of new drugs and vaccines capable of dealing with new complications and the most advanced bacteria of the various degrees .
Without paragraph 1 , this is no meaningless and paragraph 1 , in which we are calling for a strong and sustainable CAP with a budget commensurate with the ambitious objectives , will also be nonsensical .
The procedures of enhanced cooperation are useful when expanding the opportunities for participation in them , without being at risk for others .
President of the Commission . - I am proud that during the reaction of the crisis , the Commission , embodied by Kristalina Georgieva , which is with us here , a first sent a high-level delegation in Japan following the terrible events there .
You have thought that we perhaps had to comment on the ongoing work in the Commission .
This situation requires the strengthening of the mechanisms through which the crisis can be effectively addressed .
This hypocritical approach must not be given a majority in this House .
( DE ) Madam President , we have football championships at the moment , what is the symbol of sport : the most controversial spirit , the joy of victory and , from yesterday evening , respect for the team of the team .
I myself do not need the Council of the Council on this issue .
In connection with buildings with approximately zero energy consumption , the Member States will set out clear objectives and develop action plans which will include support measures .
Their profits fell because fuel prices have risen .
We must bear in mind that the Member States represented by the Council have a reinforced player in the agreement .
There is also a need for specific coordinated cooperation programmes with private enterprises , innovation and development of research .
Women 's rights in Afghanistan
It therefore does not justify any mitigating the application of the precautionary principle or zero tolerance for the presence of genetically modified organisms , nor ...
However , certain Member States often cause suspicion in the realms of minorities living in their territory .
( FR ) Madam President , Mrs Malmström , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , cooperation between Europe and the United States is essential in solving most major crises in the world , and the new US Administration is certainly an opportunity for this .
I think that the European Union must maintain a reasonable and realistic policy towards Russia .
The changes of crucial importance must come from the state itself .
I also hope that the Commission and the Member States will strengthen their control of minimum requirements on the health and safety of the workplace .
For this reason , we believe that these draft legislative acts or work programmes are important to be considered at the same principle as the Communist Party ( Communist ) plans which were not too unfortunate at the beginning of the end .
We must work towards this .
We must respond to the expectations of the peoples of the South .
Last but not least , I welcome the contribution in terms of the future Eighth Framework Programme , which must be more transparent , more flexible and more equitable .
This is a new task and a new responsibility for all Members of the European Parliament .
It must be avoided at any price and punished in a more dangerous way .
I also welcome the report 's organisations aiming to strengthen the EU 's role in multilateral security organisations , in the G20 , among others , along with others .
They simply offer a chance to pay very quickly , immediately after settling relevant formalities , after the Ecofin meeting was adopted in November and after the adoption of the 2010 budget .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , many of you have read the process ' of the process of the process , which is the most interesting thing that is happening today in my country , a country with great democratic tradition , with a government elected by the sovereign people , where an attempt is being made to undermine the democratic vote with unprecedented in an historic plan of attack by the media and courts .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament has decided to choose electronic documents , particularly as regards the declarations of performance of products marketed onto the market .
It is therefore essential that Europe should not forget about women who suffer daily violations of their fundamental rights as the right to life and physical wellbeing - women condemned to death through stoning ; women who are denied access to education ; women who are forced to flee and live as refugees to be able to exercise freedom given to us all through the Charter of Fundamental Rights ; and women who are discriminated against only because of their gender .
I welcome the decision by the European Parliament to approve the Interim Agreement between the European Union and the Pacific States .
The financial crisis and the debt crisis have had some very much beneficial effects , with a greater sense of cooperation , particularly with regard to the common foreign and security policy .
( SV ) Mr President , although many issues remain , the control and the EU 's money are improving and becoming increasingly visible .
For this reason , I agree with what the rapporteur has said , and I would like direct intervention by the Commission and the Council in order to achieve clarity , transparency , uniformity , and thus also the safety of our territory and on this particular issue , with regard to which , ladies and gentlemen , we must never stop being manipulated .
The item is closed .
I have read it all because it shows the importance of the Commission when it comes to implementing the European project , a Commission that , under the same Article collectively responsible for your Parliament .
I strongly condemn these acts of extremism .
The Interim Agreement will not be in force for over twelve months , and the Commission has already announced that it intends to table a proposal for a permanent agreement immediately after the new treaty comes into force .
The issue of the issue has always been shaken by a poor denunciation and suspicion .
For example , I would like to see a reduction of 25 % of the number of living in poverty from the EU , and ensuring that those who are excluded from the labour market can now gain access to high quality work , while at the same time , we aim to eradicate the practice of the work they have .
Secondly , amendments that delete or replacing a very precise and specific point in the report - that the controversial political speeches should not be subject to criminal prosecution - are the amendments I oppose and I am delighted to hear that many others in this room make it .
Another assumption would demonstrate the European Union 's absolute credibility .
This is not a question of Greece or for any other Member State .
We will start this discussion in the autumn .
Furthermore , I ask the Commission , in its view , is State aid to allocate EUR 4 million to fishermen from the French Government , and is it not therefore the most selective and illegal according to the rules of the common fisheries policy ?
Yes , but what growth ?
We need targeted exchange of information and best practice , but we also need to avoid double structures .
Mr President , the report on the prohibition of illegal logging , which was adopted by a large majority in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , is balanced .
The actions taken in Libya under the auspices of the United Nations and the initiative of certain European Heads of State or Government demonstrate that when it wants , Europe - or part of Europe - can act decisively in difficult times .
The former school school has been wiped out , after all , had been the most modest .
If the EU is not adopting a budget and it will still be set out a month , our Presidency will manage its duties .
Of course , there is also something that exists in other areas such as the beef and fish : too high imports , the operation too easily from third countries and undermining our own production .
For this reason , we completely agree with the text that is agreed and which will establish an average period of 30 days , within which the country must pay its obligations to suppliers .
In defence of our institutional powers , it also opposed the requests to introduce a procedure for the management committee for implementing measures , so that the following consultation committee ...
I do not want to discuss content .
I would like to congratulate you on the Desertec project .
Who is receiving them ?
( PL ) Madam President , the new structure of public finances in the European Union was based on seeking to stabilise the reasonable financial rules and public spending , as well as the most serious desire to limit sovereignty of the Member States .
One of the problems is undoubtedly the fact that , in the 27 Commissioner , their fields of competence are often overlapping , which leads to uncertainties .
Since counterfeiting is an organised crime activity , as I have already mentioned , I believe that it must be combated with the help of this legislative instrument , with its commitment and joint efforts .
Green Paper on the future of the TEN-T policy ( short presentation )
It has been drafted on the basis of some excellent and useful proposals from the Commission aimed at simplifying the application procedure , which gives Member States access to the funds concerned .
On the other hand , in terms of the precise number of FTAs that are negotiated by the Commission , we will provide clearer and more careful answers to written form by the Commissioner 's officials .
The choice of ignoring them is a more pragmatic and inclusive approach that not only goes against the principles governing our external action , but will also undermine the European social model .
I believe that this is perhaps a more realistic point in law and we will certainly have to return to this in the future , but , on the other hand , this is a major step in improving the rights of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility .
Even if only the huge growth in demand outside the borders of the EU will determine that .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , thank you for your statement .
The events in Japan need to be raised for all Member States , whether they have nuclear power plants or not because , if disasters occur , radiation will jeopardise the whole of Europe .
The people of the Child have become victims of the criminal act , which has nothing to do with religion or a moral principle .
Secondly , even then the Soviet Union did not get the Russian people who suffered from the Communist dictatorship .
Finally , I would like to thank the international organisations such as the Peace Prize , the Open Protection of the Air Traffic Prevention of Nuclear Weapons ( EIDHR ) and the 'International campaign for banning nuclear weapons ( CPA ) .
Therefore , Member States must immediately set the launch of a programme for a major renovation of the existing building stock in order to achieve approximately zero energy consumption by 2050 .
This is what I call the wrong distribution mechanism for the price chain .
However , since then , I have not been questioned by a single sign that a solution is found , or that it is not always public - and I hope that you will manage to get to us whether there is actually such a plan at all .
The European Union encourages Belarus to cancel or declare a moratorium on the death penalty .
I regret the loss of human life as a result of the leak of industrial waste , which occurred in Hungary .
At the same time , I agree with the Council that the situation is still not enough to give up support measures .
The Committee on Civil Liberties believes strongly that we should look at what is really happening around us now , and that we need to increase our costs in the area of protection of refugees and in the area of Roma integration .
We hope that the Commission will take into account these remarks .
It is about oil and for natural gas .
Therefore , protection and expansion of forests based on natural processes and without trade objectives should be the top priority of our policy , both for combating and adapting developing and developed countries to climate change .
According to the European Commission , around 70 % of the gross domestic product of EU Member States is being created in the services sector .
I believe that legal guarantees have helped , because it has become clear that it is not necessary to worry about neutrality or abortion , or other problems .
You also responded to high expectations of democratic rights .
China is striking its own surplus , artificially diminishing the value of its national currency , by adding the size of wages , so that entities can not afford to import in China , but exports prices are significantly lower than European and thirdly , ignoring international patent rights so that Chinese companies can benefit from the fact that they themselves do not work in research and development .
I do not know how quickly or how slowly it will happen , I do not know what will happen and what will happen in the meantime , but I certainly know that the integration process must continue .
However , I would like to point out that not only is it an assessment of policy in this report , but the focus is mainly on the future on development .
This includes guaranteeing the quality and safety of organs , but also ensuring protection for donors and recipients by setting competent authorities .
More than half citizens of the EU Member States are affected by the suspension of gas supplies from Russia .
After what happened recently in Japan , it is essential to carry out stress tests for European nuclear power plants to assess health standards and risks , avoid potential accidents and to allay the public 's concerns .
We did not realise that we are only at the beginning , not at the end of the process .
The possibility of freeing micro-entities from the obligation to prepare and publish annual accounts will not reduce administrative burdens .
However , the need for specialised sectoral analyses remains relevant .
To this end , we must ensure that the border authorities have sufficient resources .
There is no doubt that constitutional changes make a major impression and that they have a major contribution to the democratisation of life in Turkey .
Very often , their resolve is becoming more difficult and more lasting , and the result is mutually disappointment .
As my topic is very important - proof of this is the very large number of people who asked for the floor - we will give the floor to 10 people , twice over the rules of the Rules of Procedure .
Let me also say , in terms of rapid measures - measures to stop deforestation and the measures to make money from international aviation and maritime transport , which is harmful to use important measures in the poorest countries of the EU , in particular , that they must deliver the results immediately .
I am therefore very happy that the President of Lithuania , Mrs Grybauskaitė , a former Commissioner , and the government of Lithuania , has already said that the bill contradicts the obligations of Lithuania under its own Constitution .
The common aim is to avoid a situation where development is extremely involved in large urban centres , thereby avoiding discrimination on grounds of gender or geographical origin of the inhabitants of rural areas .
The European Year of Volunteering ( 2011 ) will allow the activities organised in this area to adopt a European dimension , and therefore we hope that this will have a huge influence on civil society .
The presentation of 25 Tunisian immigrants arriving from this country of the Mediterranean , by the intolerable burden sending the wrong message : Germany has shown that they are not ; the Canaries and Spain showed that 30 000 arriving per year from the African coast are not an intolerable burden for the European Union .
We must find a way of developing an appropriate and effective tool for measuring GDP that can be implemented in practice , make it clear that indicators and counting on high-quality data .
The data and their analysis are a key element in the fight against prevention and handling terrorism , which is the subject of this debate today .
The main reason for this is that we do not support the proposal to introduce an international tax on financial transactions .
Ladies and gentlemen , we come to the catch-the-eye procedure .
The European Charter on Freedom of the press will only become a piece of paper if European Heads of State or Government want to continue to be kept in this way .
On the contrary , there are some people who want to turn the baby into the monument to his name to the post of capital , even though he was responsible for mass murders after the war .
I think that young people are the main victims of the crisis and that we must take advantage of the opportunity that we have given to put them at the heart of the Europe 2020 strategy .
Economic change , political changes and changes in the vision , in our external divisions as a result of the new players and globalisation .
I would like to emphasise the need for new and diverse learning throughout life , which is crucial for better quality of work and especially in the context of jobs , as well as the need to pay particular attention to young people , to women and disabled people , as defined in the Europe 2020 strategy .
Economic interests can not be turned into a cause of forgetting the most selective and suffering .
We were committed to and we worked to strengthen Europe 's influence and presence in the world , firmly believe that this project has greater strength and greater vitality than began , with such enthusiasm and so much scope for Europeans .
Although the Western Balkans are not yet part of the EU , stability in south-eastern Europe can only be achieved through enlargement of the Balkans .
It is also possible to affect our visibility and credibility , as well as to limit our capabilities for effective cooperation .
I believe that the Agency can carry out a fine job in coordinating national policies , give greater value to all the policies that have been put into effect .
However , it is still not included in the budget that Mr Lewandowski should soon present .
The Treaty of Lisbon is not , as Mr Klaus says , to transform the European Union into greater strength against the Member States , but about something quite different .
In today 's vote , we want the European Union to cooperate with the most ambitious institutions in order to set up rules and regulations that help the country to better use the financial assistance that has been received over the last year and , above all , to do so in accordance with the principles of democracy and the legality .
The award of the prize will take place on Wednesday 16 December , in Strasbourg .
The package balances the need for better environmental standards with realistic and achievable objectives that are not detrimental to the production sector , nor create a risk for jobs in the Union .
Businesses can not compete with social and environmental dumping strategies which are applied by some emerging economies , which is China , where labour costs are extremely low and where there is no means of social protection and related costs , or high environmental standards .
There are problems in other Member States , but in Italy , they are most serious .
The road map is a road map which sets out criteria , the implementation of which includes the adoption of structural reforms in the key areas of justice , freedom and security .
As you have shown , our unity , the reunification of Germany - started even earlier because we have treated our attitude , their approach to the common European history and our common European future .
Furthermore , adding a clause on a common review allows for a thorough review in the light of technical development and understanding of the consumer label , not later than 2014 .
Vice-President of the Commission . - I doubt that we will have time to create a specific service at this late stage and before the elections .
From this perspective , the European Union 's priority should be to promote and support the efforts currently underway to open international dialogue in Yemen with President Saleh .
I am pleased that we are aware of the identity of Tajikistan and the special role played by the country in the region .
However , from a global perspective , and I would like to ask you to look at the details of electric vehicles for China , we really need to be able to look at the most dangerous simplifications , as the Commission 's communication .
The text adopted does not contain the most important point of view .
Mr Barroso , will you talk about the other commissioners and introduce a voluntary basis just as to voluntary , whereas using equipment does not become 100 % of the actual terms ?
This agreement is an opportunity to give new impetus to trade relations and ensures access to the European market - exempt from customs duties and without quotas for most goods .
It is possible to see that there is a place for a great leap forward in electric vehicles and in transport as a whole , especially in cities .
It has not yet done so .
It is the EU institutions ' role to ensure compliance with the principles of language equality both in relations between Member States and in the various European institutions and in the EU 's relations with national institutions and with Community bodies and with international institutions .
Mr President , there is no assessment of social , environmental and economic consequences of the economic agreement between the European Union and Canada .
Madam President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for having been doing so to sacrifice my evening to join us in this Chamber , as well as for giving us a message .
With this in mind , Commissioner , Mr President , do you not think that your withholding renationalisation is extremely damaging to the regions of Italy , Europe and the Mediterranean , and also for other countries ?
Today , we are experiencing a major change in the situation .
This affects all European citizens .
The hypocrisy that characterises the debate between Mr Trichet , President Barroso and Chancellor Merkel , like the tsunami of the markets , shows us that this was not a group of experts .
The accounts of the European Union until 2004 and 60 % of the alleged fraud cases are from Italy .
In future , this may lead to the long-standing system of separation of structural funds from the Cohesion Fund .
It must continue on the path to Europe , as the rest of the region is moving forward .
According to the Court of Auditors , the institutions do not cooperate in these areas or even fail to assess their own policy .
I think that , once this year came into force in 2013 , it will help to achieve the objective of harmonising and strengthening the rights of passengers at EU level , without meaning what means of transport .
It is not enough .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , you now have a view of the trialogue on the work of the European Investment Bank in the coming years .
( EL ) Mr President , the economic governance package creates a strong instrument for imposing capitalist restructurings in the same way , as well as a unified strategy for all Member States , which will strengthen competitiveness , profitability and power of capital .
What is important is not to forget is that , despite many concerns that we had , and despite the numerous challenges facing Russia , there have also been a number of positive changes .
I heard the argument of wine growers that traditional rosé wine is a little more cruel , and they think the rosé wine 's wine is a modern way of production .
However , I would like to comment on some of the amendments tabled .
What do we need to do to change this ?
I was not voting for this report because it has been the victim of some of the difficult EU powers in the area of international trade in the name of the relevance of the agreement with the Council on the implementing powers in other areas .
The decision on each individual Member States , where applications are submitted , depends on each individual request in the light of the related circumstances .
In fact , we have been told about the back because the project of bonds in Portugal last week , while the truth is that the European Central Bank is actually using taxpayers ' money to buy their own debt .
We must realise that in Europe approximately 50 000 aircraft are used for the purposes of aviation with common and business aviation , and nearly four times more and more electronics aircraft and the use of sport and entertainment .
Tajikistan has an important geographical location , as it is situated at a key crossroads between Europe and Asia and , therefore , plays an important role in strengthening the stability of the region .
The public is very sensitive to animal welfare issues .
Tomorrow , we will find that we have already achieved a number of important and rational measures in this sector .
In November , we have launched a Green Paper and public consultation to bring together opinions about how to improve our policies and instruments for better action in terms of the most sustainable and inclusive growth in partner countries , with which to deal with the main causes of poverty and to add a significant added value to our development cooperation .
Violence against women is currently the most serious manifestation of discrimination against women and human rights violations .
In particular , they have been imposed by the so-called letter of the six ' states , which set out the Community budget of around 1 % of GDP .
I would like to emphasise my support for the activities of the European Union , because the European Union strongly recognises the independence of both regions at international level .
The European Union can perhaps draw a lesson from these EUR 2 billion which has been allocated to development in Africa .
During the debate , I heard you heard words of freedom , freedoms and justice .
It is not only better than a Caspian pipeline to Germany , which is in Poland , but will also increase our energy security .
I think this is a very good resolution , and I think it is also excellent that , in general , there is a high level of agreement in the Commission , as well as in the Council and in the European Parliament .
The extremely important element of fundamental rights - freedom of expression of opinion must be translated into all countries in the world .
Baroness Ashton , in 1999 , in order to avoid unrest in opposition Benghazi , Gaddafi needed scapegoats for the sake of the burden of the liability of AIDS children due to poor ill health .
Every day on the world of famine die 36 000 people because they have no enough food to feed .
I also consider the question of the suspension of the suspension of the transfers .
We must surely discuss whether we are in the European Parliament .
Europe 's citizens are being hostage .
This result shows that the denial of climate change , ignorance of these issues is a virtual minority here in this House whose opinions really should be ignored and who are expressing their views here on a number of occasions , but which actually oppose the tide of the opinion of the citizens of all the European Union .
So I encourage all my fellow Members to vote in favour .
Soon , it can be put an end to this anomaly , as evidenced by the proposed Council strategy and the Commission regarding Belarus .
The report 's most of the content is worthy of our support , although the document also contains some more specific points with which we do not agree entirely .
Let us now avoid new economic demarcation lines between the new and old ones .
The report we have before us is a long one . It notes a lot of things .
The EU must make sure that its opinion is taken into account in relation to migration and integration .
Above all , we must get people the right mix of skills , which will allow them to adapt to our rapid multicultural society .
The European Commission 's forthcoming study is intended , in particular , to remove barriers to the proper functioning of the internal market and to anticipate developments in the field of e-commerce .
There is an opportunity for these measures to stabilise the internal situation and prevent humanitarian disaster , which inevitably threatens this unfortunate country with a population of ten million people .
The precarious market is a prerequisite for stimulating employment and tackling demographic problems .
However , it is important that this differentiation does not make any conclusion that the crisis imposes measures against good policy .
The 50 % of my region has fewer than 49 employees .
Ideally , no patient should leave his home country to obtain medical treatment , but in the cases where necessary , they must be able to do so , knowing that they have the right to treat treatment and reimbursement .
As is the fact that the concept of 'the ozone risk has been maintained , thereby opening a loophole ' for certain activities where it is not necessary to comply with the procedures provided for in legislation .
I fully support his appeal and work with him for collecting the most of the signatures in the Netherlands .
I do not understand the logic of trying to implement a global solution .
We really , as I said , welcome the efforts to close Guantánamo , but we oppose military commission and the remaining silent abuse .
There is a need to initiate and promote reconciliation processes in which the United Nations and all local factors , including neighbouring countries such as Iran .
They believe that politicians should be dictating how much hours can be done .
The second is that we are the only true European financial institution ; all our shareholders are Member States , and they are primarily the Member States of the European Union .
The need for monitoring facilities should also be consolidated in order to ensure that all the technical requirements proposed by specialists are properly taken into account and observed in their exploitation .
The report must be put together , as well as emphasis on reducing red tape associated with the provision of funding procedures , together with the introduction of strict sanctions in cases of irregularities or non-compliance with the existing legal framework .
These policies must be backed up with a proper budget , but also with reliable checks on the programmes implemented , with appropriate follow-up and the identification of good practices .
( PT ) Mr President , there are some extremely important decisions that need to be taken within the framework of the EU budget , which the EU 's leaders seem reluctant to change , thereby making every prospect of real convergence and convergence .
Parliament has always maintained the opinion of greater transparency and the tax and the fees and is the calculation that Member States must take the costs of applying more stringent measures .
There are a few remaining questions to which attention should be paid : firstly , further developing the cost calculation mechanism ; secondly , a list of diseases which will be covered by the system ; thirdly , recognition of prescriptions , taking into account that the same medicines are not available in all Member States ; and fourthly , the promotion of e-health .
What is unacceptable , the recent Commissioners-designate who agreed to amend or draw up legislation in return to money , further undermining the authority of Parliament , in particular , in its efforts to fight fraud and corruption .
If it is properly implemented by the national authorities , this international agreement will represent an important tool for ensuring the protection of life at sea in the long term and for sustainable exploitation of fish stocks .
According to estimates in the immediate future , 16 % or 80 million EU inhabitants will live below the poverty line .
Are you going to gather details about them more directly and more quickly , given that the problem is seen as if it is worse , especially at present in many Member States ?
Today in Europe , one of four women is victims of violence - domestic violence , rape , sexual exploitation or genital mutilation .
In addition , I also mentioned the important role of the European Parliament in the approval process , both of cohesion policy and budgetary resources , and that it will also strengthen the Treaty of Lisbon if the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force .
In this sense , I am very sorry that we have too little information about the cases of labour accidents .
Finally , I would like to say that transparency guarantees good governance and confidence in the institutions .
The Member States must intervene and pursue measures that can help European producers in the industry of poultry industry , which , in order to adapt to the new European legislation , launched a restructuring process of their sites , but it is too unlikely to conclude it before 2012 .
Therefore , youth training policies must be ambitious to enable young people to acquire skills that are better adapted to the needs of business organisations .
I will conclude by hoping that when it comes to the recast of the POSEI Regulation , we will have the opportunity to make progress on some of the issues raised today and that , in general , in all decisions on the common agricultural policy , we will also be able to work effectively and on this regulation .
In fact , when we propose trade preferences to developing countries , we are not taking this action purely pragmatic , commercial considerations , but to show our solidarity with those countries .
These services have an extremely impact and the results of their activities may prove catastrophic for countries or organisations that they estimate , as we have seen in the recent financial crisis .
Schengen has encouraged the cross-border crime and illegal waves of people and goods that are , in themselves , sometimes , legitimate , and sometimes - without any real benefit for Europeans .
Is it surprising that the recovery of growth and employment depends on genuine common actions with the necessary aim of resources or prefer to act independently in terms of innovation , education , training , support for small and medium-sized enterprises and combating unemployment and poverty with far too similar effects ?
Madam President , as you have just said , the summit between the European Union and Russia will take place in Stockholm on 18 November .
The Union is making it difficult for defending and protect Christians in the world , because it does not respect the Christian philosophy itself .
I personally have been reminded of less such as fundamentalist ambitions in the shelters .
We also asked Brazil .
Good things , such as accession to the European Union , are self-evident .
They should be more prepared for this .
In addition , of course , we need sensible sanctions in cases of real violations .
This is a good result , but I believe that we need to achieve much more in the future .
The constituents who speak want greater accessibility for themselves and for patients , as well as for other specialists , to objective information on medicinal products .
I would like to draw attention to you that in this debate , it does not provide for the answer to questions from this House .
The next G20 summit will take place on 11 and 12 November in Seoul under the French Presidency .
However , the Union can exert its influence on protecting human rights worldwide only if it itself serves as an example in this area .
I am convinced that achieving all these important objectives will only be possible if , from the start , we are working together to build a new climate of institutional cooperation - one of the main challenges of the Treaty of Lisbon , which we always talk about too much more loudly .
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
We have European instruments to help us achieve this objective , namely the European Social Fund , and I think we need to rely on this lever .
We are convinced that this directive will change the situation and will contribute to a genuine European defence market .
I am also interested in a single advertising of Iran ; at a time when public cemetery condemned by a stoning , we have prevented from broadcast advertisements for this unfortunate country .
We must devote attention to programmes such as lifelong learning and the 'Youth in Action ' programme .
However , we must discuss carefully how and in what conditions we want to improve cooperation between business and universities .
It should therefore be noted that , after one year when we had a diplomacy and determination , we achieved a positive outcome .
In addition to ensuring quality , safe and efficient cross-border healthcare , it is important to ensure and appropriate balance between patients ' right in the European Union to seek treatment abroad and the opportunities of national healthcare systems and national health priority .
It is gratifying that , according to the Treaty of Lisbon , there will be a permanent President .
Mr Gbagbo has been the most conspicuous President of Côte d'Ivoire .
( DE ) Mrs Malmström , thank you for your excellent answer .
We must punish it if Libya continues to give so many refugees free access to Europe .
To some extent , it can be countered with investment in old and new infrastructure .
One last point .
There are great opportunities for savings of energy costs .
It is about institutional issue , and I would like to thank the Prime Minister of Spain , Mr Zapatero , for his commitment to Europe and to the Community method .
I also agree that it is desirable to review our cooperation with Belarus , as well as the volume of funding set out for it to assess whether to continue the year 2008 , a policy of new commitments to this country .
I will mention the example of the Republic of Cyprus , which is now under monitoring .
While the Socialists , the Left in this House have no arguments to put our poultry species into a corner , I can very vigorously pursue the debate in question .
As a result of this pact , a number of Member States joined the euro area , for example , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland , Denmark , Romania and Bulgaria .
The sample , combined with rigour , really gives the result .
We want greater involvement of local partners in cases where the Investment Bank is investing projects , we want more than theoretically reporting and we want a common audit of all the funds of the European Investment Bank .
I believe that , in these times of economic crisis , a functioning internal market could help economic recovery .
The creation of a common register is also of the benefit of lobbyists , as they will have to register only once again .
Therefore , we have been alerted to our concerns of a partner , ally and a friend .
in writing . - ( BG ) Ladies and gentlemen , in the Commission reports , it is not a breach of competition within the internal market by the monopoly .
It is known that the reaction to the spread of H1N1 influenza was exaggerated in comparison with the real scale of the problem .
The Commission proposes to correct the proposed budget for 2011 to mobilise the need to mobilise the European Union Solidarity Fund for an amount of EUR 182.4 million in commitment and payment appropriations , in order to mitigate the effects of flooding resulting from heavy rainfall in Poland , Slovakia , Hungary , Croatia and Romania .
Who could say 'yes ' today to this ?
We also devote ourselves to separate specific resources to increase the number of contributions involved in the programme currently being alone .
The following questions were tabled to the Commission .
I am pleased that I was involved in successful negotiations that led to the agreement .
In other words , it is important to monitor implementation and changes in the emergence of the needle-stick injuries , so that this is a starting point when one of the parties asked to use the abovementioned opportunity .
There will be hundreds of thousands of victims throughout Europe , but because this truth is the shame of the political elite and , therefore , that the brain drain on the world 's daily truth about global morality , this scandal will be the most visible as our old citizens .
I was very much prepared .
Mr President , in December 2005 , there was a prime minister that was attended at a meeting in Parliament .
After all , the Haitians have not only short-term but also long-term needs .
Take the Globalisation Adjustment Fund , for example .
The answer will be that no one cares about this .
Last week , the wave of this resistance has also been extended to Yemen .
Although the device are not exclusively intended for SMEs , they have an important place in many clusters that have been created throughout the EU .
However , the tension in the euro area is not a new one and it is well known .
This is important and I say the following of the President of the Commission and all Commissioners : we need to ensure a competitive European economy in order to have a social Europe .
In my region , the main activities , as well as one of the largest sources of income , is the cultivation of olive oil and olive oil production .
The first and most important difficulty - there is no doubt that other Members have also raised the issue - are the conflicts : the Palestinian conflict in the face of the Israeli Government , which systematically ignores international law and agreements signed by it , such as the agreement of Anapolis on the settlements ; the conflict in Western Sahara and indeed the military occupation of the northern part of the Republic of Cyprus .
One important list of agreements is the list .
Unfortunately , however , this is a right that is not insignificant in some countries .
They are using the word Family ' only six times .
With nearly EUR 40 million , we are helping around 7 000 workers in the labour market .
The salaries themselves must , to the maximum extent , reflect the long-term results of companies .
I also believe that in this situation when people are detained in this area , we should oppose all the acts of violence that prevent civilians from leaving the conflict region .
The difficulty we face in terms of the United States is that they will not even have adopted the necessary national legislation until December .
Under the proposal submitted , Member States must be allowed to release certain enterprises ( micro-entities ) from the obligation to prepare and publish annual accounts .
Only fully respecting the commitments made can and - so it is fair - must guide Turkey on the path of its accession .
Firstly , this means that the issue of exceptions is not resolved and used under the directive under the directive will continue without a certain date for their abolition , with very weak restrictions and without any special control .
The markets are currently speculating against the euro and the gap in the euro .
Mr President , the action plan we adopt is intended to build , strengthened , and spread a solid European judicial culture , a European legal thinking .
Moreover , Member States are obliged to ensure that no person is taken to return operations in violation of Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights , which obliges Member States to ensure that no person is left back in their country if it is at risk of persecution or serious attacks after their return .
Recent events in Egypt and other North Africa and the Middle East have increased the flow of legal and illegal migrants to Europe .
These trade deficits have contributed to global imbalances , which are at the root of the global economic crisis .
I therefore believe that the EU must fully respect national history , culture and traditions and firmly refuse to punish Member States that protect their right to their own fabric and nature , including Christian heritage and Christian symbols .
Instead , I believe that if the most stable economies want to stay in the euro area , they must be subjected to strict budgetary control .
The proposal under discussion are selected three languages ( English , French and German ) , and all the other languages remain at second level .
I could quote many examples from the Member States of the European Union , including my country Lithuania , where , for example , a car period of goods travelled long distances , which has been a visa from a D , can not carry out its main work .
Viktor Orbán for me was a politician who deserved respect .
Instead of undemocratic and restrictive policies , Commissioner , I would like to express ...
Unfortunately , I have not received a reply from you , I hope that this will be done now .
On Thursday , we will vote on a resolution on this issue .
Whether it is a carbon tax , banking levy and others like this - certainly taxpayers will be more mobile .
EIB support EIB foreign policies must continue to be carried out in accordance with the principles of sound banking practices .
In my opinion , it will be very many years old .
I do not think that the European Union is a modern version of the inhumanity of the reactionary ; it is just one institution that embodies the principles of solidarity and subsidiarity , defending human rights and is committed to safeguarding the social market economy , and the market itself is a means of creating a social policy ; so there is nothing here to limit one of us , we simply to defend the rights of half a billion European citizens living in our Union .
I would like to return to it .
It is a necessary condition for strengthening growth that creates jobs .
Surely , should we wait until June to take this decision ?
I voted in favour of adopting it .
This , as well as the CIA intelligence flights , secret prisons and the disastrous consequences of the forces to date of US military operations in the Middle East , must not be forgotten during the debate .
Of course , the families of the victims deserve our sympathy , comfort and solidarity , but we must also be aware that the Thai nation is a strong divided nation today .
The vote will take place on Wednesday , 9 March 2011 , on 11 , 30 noon .
I therefore propose that the question of the label be presented in Doha as a useful contribution to the debate .
I can happily say that I am involved in the voluntary pension provision , together with other MEPs , and I intend to vote against my own interests and in favour of the interests of taxpayers .
In its communication of 23 February 2009 , the Community 's approach to prevention of natural and man-made disasters ' , the Commission , among other things , adopted the task of coordinating existing and existing sources of information on preventive measures and catastrophes .
We must be sure that they know how much they will cost them , what quality and safety standards can expect and what their rights are , in the event that a problem arises .
According to the Commission , there were 18 deaths in the European Union in the event of dichloromethane and 2007 , due to the use of dichloromethane .
I welcome the measures that you have to try to unblock the plight of dairy farmers .
The market is only free when the rules are clear , apply to everyone and are actually implemented .
Now the outcome of the Cancún conference is important for the European Union , both in terms of visibility and in terms of results .
The debate is closed .
I will be very brief .
Is the Commission aware of this vision ?
However , Directive 2006/123/EC was necessary to update the situation at the moment in order to minimise the risk of VAT schemes ( as a result of more predictable export ) to the absolute minimum .
For 50 years , Europe has enjoyed prosperity and we are today obliged to continue to protect this prosperity on behalf of our citizens .
Most of the Member States are no longer eligible for Economic Cooperation and Development applications since 1970 and we are facing new emergencies without having new funds .
Furthermore , cooperation with Russia will play a very important role , a very strong positive role , in this difficult economic crisis .
Some Members of the European Parliament are wrong by claiming that Europe of health is already a reality ' .
Agreement between the EC and the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Enforcement ( vote )
I hope that the informal Employment Ministers will end up with concrete results in this area .
Why not only have the airlines receive compensation ?
We have even resources , and although we will never achieve zero number of accidents , we can do a lot to reduce the number of victims .
I fear that such changes will be Internet and may cause adverse consequences for the EU economy . '
Instead , we must bow to Russia and Belarus , which are , in fact , European in historical , religious , military and geopolitical terms .
There is a simple reason for this .
Secondly , subsidiarity and languages .
What then prevents the release of Gilad Shalit and all those whose guilt has not been proven without any doubt by the courts ?
This is the UN definition of 1951 .
Project bonds are an excellent solution for funding and are based on the infrastructure that Europe needs to be modernised and used fully on the internal market .
Furthermore , can the Commission tell what Parliament 's role and the stakeholders , such as the trade union , in connection with a possible proposal or a solution to the suspension of the agreement ?
Such developments will threaten wages and conditions for Canadian workers .
We must strive to ensure that research programme is created , which will help these resources be used in a way that is the greatest possible environmental and maximum sustainable .
I would like to assure the family of Ms Saberi in our solidarity and the strong commitment of the European Parliament to ensure that human rights and democracy in Iran and worldwide are unconditional .
The first pillar acts as a counterbalance to the restrictions on European agriculture operates towards other world regions , and the second pillar includes the creation of a set of measures to enable Member States to ensure that agriculture receives additional aid that enable it to perform its functions .
I share the rapporteur 's concerns about the economic and financial crisis we are experiencing and the consequent lack of investment .
Of course , they are not the owners of private aircraft , but the people who are usually not so wealthy and who save months to buy their ticket abroad .
It is also clear that discussions on the Union 's budget urgently need to be held on the new sources of energy .
I would like to have somebody else about us when we are having , because sometimes it is not very convenient to be more prosperous and to be alone .
The problem is that planning that is being carried out there , or indeed the lack of planning , should not be repeated .
This report therefore calls for new rules and corporate social responsibility , which are key elements of any future agreement .
Transfers of appropriations : see Minutes
That is what I am really and really very sincere .
If you may , I will continue with the second question .
This is related to procedural rights and the right to legal protection .
The European Union has made progress , especially with regard to human rights , equality between social security , the protection of freedom of expression , freedom of the press and freedom of religion .
These images illustrate two worrying tendencies : with the help of Islamist Islamist organisations , the world has gradually gained increasing control over immigrants ; the most persecuted movements and extreme Communist left are complicit in the undermining of our civilisation .
If Europe from Brussels wants to listen to citizens , let me take into account the French and Dutch 'no ' to the European Constitution and abandon the Treaty of Lisbon , which is a clear hurdle of the Constitution .
We are spending significant funds for Kosovo under the Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance ( IPA ) as part of the total amount of EUR 1.2 billion agreed at the donors ' conference in July 2008 .
I think that the enhanced cooperation procedure is being used cynical .
Unfortunately , the world of computers is precisely the territory that parents do not manage to live up to their children .
I am confident that this agreement represents an important step forward and that the framework agreement on data protection between the European Union and the United States , which requires further negotiations and can be considered , will also be accepted .
But in practice , we have allowed a group of private banks to be created , and parents are saying that they can store their children at the moment of birth and possibly use them for treatment in the future if necessary .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , there is a principle of understanding of the progress in the therapeutic stem cells .
However , I also expect the European Union 's society to be aware of its responsibilities in relation to all those who care about its resources .
The Declaration of Madrid adopted in February by the Spanish Presidency sets out a roadmap for implementing this policy .
People accept what they know , but everything across their horizon is causing concern .
There are still many inequalities in Europe to the detriment of girls and women in employment , their personal lives , health and their right to access education and vocational training , as well as the take-up of positions in non-traditional industries and on positions of high responsibility .
Today , over 5.5 million young people under 25 years are unemployed ( 21.4 % ) , which is doubly double from the overall unemployment rate .
unanimous agreement was reached between European governments and the Commission , along with the proposal submitted by Eurocontrol , to act in this way .
As regards public procurement , they are indeed often finding a fifth of our work in the Member States .
Just as we welcome recent adoption of a resolution condemning human rights violations in Libya , we must take the same stand on the continuing illegal occupation of the occupied territories in Palestine .
I would like to know from him whether his colleague , Angela Merkel , used such a ridiculous words in relation to Russia 's recent meeting with Mr Putin .
I would like to point out my gratitude to the United States and Canada and the other NATO nations for having brought us the nightmare .
Regardless of the problems , Macedonia remains a stable country in the region , there are good relations with neighbouring countries , and I believe that it is firmly anchored in the way to the EU .
In my opinion , due to the fact that we have two different approaches , we also need double legal basis .
There are scientists who doubt about these kinds of connections and we should have one thing to do with Copenhagen .
Small enterprises are crucial .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I thank the rapporteur for the excellent work that has been done on the European Union 's membership of the Convention on Human Rights , which is to benefit European citizens : thanks to the convention , there will be a new court , external for the European Union , which will be a guarantee of the fact that the rights of European citizens will always be respected by the European Union and the Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the aim of this proposal for a regulation is to include some of the recommendations adopted by the General Fisheries Commission in the Mediterranean ( GFCM ) in order to improve legal certainty , while also making an important step towards simplification .
The question remains open because the problem is complex .
Last month , Parliament called on the Commission and Council to stop simply using words and to take any action .
It also confirms the objectives included in Bali , industrialised countries to reduce emissions by 80 % by 2050 .
However , I firmly believe , ultimately , that this improved agreement , unlike a highly problematic interim agreement from last February , deserves Parliament 's consent .
A reasonable and well-considered process of optimising the legal procurement framework is therefore essential for the welfare of citizens , consumers and European Union businesses , as well as for national , regional and local authorities .
I think it was a good idea for the Commission to present in this House today to report on banning the use of the battery cages for laying hens , which will enter into force since January 2012 .
The banks in Central and Eastern Europe , which proved stable , did not have any capital injections .
I believe that more active research activities are needed to measure the impact of environmental and climate policies and I would like to ask the Commission to prioritise this area as part of the Eighth Framework Programme .
in writing . - ( LT ) I welcome this document because it recommends the urban dimension of cohesion policy to focus on three objectives : firstly , to help urban areas develop their main physical infrastructure as a precondition for growth , so that they fully harness their input into economic growth in Europe , the diversification of economic and energy and environmental sustainability , in particular , in view of maintaining and improving the quality of air in urban centres , without harming the river ; secondly , helping the urban areas to modernise urban areas to modernise and develop in urban areas , social and environmental performance , in particular , thirdly , in urban development , in urban areas , economic and infrastructure , in territorial performance , and infrastructure , in urban areas , economic and environmental performance , in particular , to develop and economic excellence , housing , to be developed in particular , in particular infrastructure , to boost to be ecologically , to be developed areas , in urban areas , development infrastructures , inclusive , to be developed in particular , and to be developed , green belts with the development and to boost , to be developed regions , innovation and environmental and environmental performance and environmental performance , to boost to boost and environmental performance , and environmental performance in terms , in urban areas and development of economic development and infrastructure , and to boost , and to develop and to develop and environmental performance , and to develop in particular , and environmental sustainability , development with the development and to boost centres , in urban technology , and , in particular , in particular , and to develop in the development with the development , in the development and to be developed areas , in particular , and to develop in the development with the development , to promote and , and , with the development , housing sectors , in urban sectors , and develop in the development , and to develop in urban sectors of course , and to develop in particular , in the development infrastructures , the development in urban areas , in view , the development .
However , in the Union where internal borders are effectively erased , Europe must , in the long term , equip itself with the means to achieve its ambitions .
It is very important to clarify the amount of carbon footprint and , moreover , to establish what costs it will be .
To achieve the objectives set , the appropriate partnerships must be chosen .
The main objective is to ensure compliance with the provisions of the 2007 Protocol , thereby ensuring that the ozone layer can redress and can avoid the adverse influences on human health and ecosystems .
We advocate the development of certification systems .
Mr President , as the Confederal Group of the Christian minorities , national communities and languages ' strongly condemn the actions taken by the Belarusian authorities against the largest organisation of the Polish minority and against members of the Christian community .
By evaluating the work of the prosecutor before the end of the investigation , we are preventing the dispensation of justice .
Mr President , this is some demeaning Conservative .
The internal market can be revived by promoting cross-border transactions and I believe that this report can help achieve this objective .
Declaration of financial interests : see Minutes
The same applies to other issues which I will not mention here .
The loss of income was not offset by the aid granted by the Member States .
I would like to point out that it is impossible to reverse poverty is reversed a year .
Without doubt , when I speak about the public role of sport , issues relating to education and preparation are very important and I believe that education is even more important for our common European identity .
Transposition of the Directive on the recognition of professional qualifications can not be called for success and I will once again ask for this , for stepping up the work on both directives , as without them we will not have any progress with the internal market .
The burden of proof is therefore the case of those countries who want to commit themselves to a limited use of DCM and who must prove that the most corrupt will be used as quickly as possible and will guarantee the protection of workers .
When land in which it is part of the world can actually cause absolutely confusion throughout the whole market for everyone else , this is not a situation that we can allow to continue .
I believe that , within the framework of integration of the common European market , the European market should also be removed from the limits for access to the Member States ' internal markets .
The problem of the Court of Auditors identified specific weaknesses in areas where most problems are identified , part of which I have just outlined , remains a priority .
Such legislation is missing in some countries of the European Union .
I hope that the result of these efforts will be satisfactory .
I supported this resolution , I congratulate the rapporteur and pride that I am the first member of the European Parliament from Slovakia , which has provoked a debate on multilingualism within the institutions through written declaration .
Firstly , the current regional approach should be more integrated than alternative criteria , such as the added value sectors .
The Spanish Presidency therefore included the development of electric vehicles among its priorities , providing a beneficial alternative mode of transport , in order to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels on the transport sector and thus make a competitive and decisive transition to an energy-efficient and environmentally friendly transport system .
The objective of increasing energy efficiency by 20 % is of the greatest concern to me .
( PL ) Since the slow economic growth of Europe and the resultant crisis , too many conclusions can be drawn from the crisis .
However , as usual , colleagues are using the plight of women and girls to raise the issue of abortion , such as the report 's sexual and reproductive rights .
I believe that the mutual recognition of prescriptions between Member States is very important because it is not only about healthcare , but also for subsequent care , but we have a timeframe in which this detail can be commended .
Civil protection should guide our preparations for flooding and drought .
It is therefore necessary to create a European strategy for these industries , in which they have the opportunity to express their potential and to gain recognition of their dual role as culture and the mother of employment and jobs .
We also have the annual growth survey , and now we will have national reform programmes in which Member States will clearly indicate what their objectives will be and how they hope to achieve them .
Ladies and gentlemen , the order was set up in advance and carefully analysed , but I would ask the rapporteur to take the floor .
Finally , I have to say that I was very impressed by the expression that President Obama used in his speech when he received the Nobel Prize when he said that when we talk about how important it is to continue with commitment , in the relationship with repressive regimes , there is no need for a sincere indignation .
I voted for this resolution because it proposes a common ban on the use of cyanide mining technologies in the European Union by the end of 2011 and because I understand that a ban is currently the only way to protect our water resources and the pollution caused by the use of cyanide in mines .
We will do everything we can to ensure the right traceability .
I regret that this conflict is still not resolved , but I can assure the honourable Member that we are trying , together with our Czech colleagues , to find a solution as soon as possible .
Or can the Commissioner diffuse these concerns ?
- Before the vote on paragraph 8 :
We fully respect the use of the spectrum for the European Regional and cultural activities : this must be very clear .
I have the commitment to offer as soon as possible prior to the prior and follow-up assessments of our agreements .
However , the European Parliament adopted a proposal for which we voted on , extending aid until 2018 .
In 2010 , the EIB has allocated loans to projects which contribute directly to reducing greenhouse gas emissions worth of almost EUR 20 billion , which is nearly 30 % of the total amount of credit .
This is extremely imperative .
Contrary to what has been said so far , Parliament has repeatedly expressed its support for the current negotiations within the framework of the Delegation for relations with the Mercosur delegation , the delegation for the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly and plenary sessions .
2007 was 2007 , when the 2 % cut down compared with the period of reckoning .
I believe that my opinion on this issue , including as a member of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , shares from my fellow Members .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
It is clear that the provisions on animal testing must be amended , but European research must not be negatively affected by the new legislation .
However , in the course of the dialogue with the Council on this report , it became clear that the call by Parliament will not receive a response .
Thank you for your remarks .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to say this : Spain has , as has always shown itself with unreserved support to the Treaty of Lisbon .
Commissioner , I am interested to know how the Commission is trying to face these problems in the long term .
Some of the previous speakers have criticised the President and the High Representative , who I think to be very unfortunate .
Finally , I am proud of the current explanation of vote , that together with all the Members of this Parliament and all the political groups voted unanimously , as we obviously had a need for unanimity and not disputes .
It is very important that such proportionality and equal treatment be realised in the foreign service .
In Germany , it is up to the creation of so-called bad banks ' ; in the countries of the cold pathogen , it is done just at the same time .
We need to convince Member States to agree on easier procedures for recognition of educational qualifications , regardless of the country in which they are received .
The Unfair Commercial Practices Directive and the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive have a great deal of importance in terms of consumers having greater certainty and ensuring legal certainty for businesses in the internal market .
The legislative framework of the free movement of workers and employees has been established in a regulation ( EEC ) No Council Recommendation on the free movement of workers in the Community and has been amended for many times .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
Workers are protesting against the measures taken by the government , workers who do not work less or have been removed from their colleagues ; you can see the data .
in writing . - ( EL ) The MEPs from the Greek Communist Party voted against the motion for a resolution of the political parties in the European Parliament calling for the immediate release of all detainees , unjustified arrested and held by the United States in Guantánamo Bay , as well as for the immediate and final closure of the basis that they are also illegally maintaining territory against the will of the Cuban people and his government .
Finally , the enhanced cohesion policy mechanism is a success and , overall , good , must be increased transparency and reduced bureaucracy .
The principle of solidarity must provide a platform for the development of the EU 's energy policies .
My colleague , Vice-President Reding , is therefore proposing a strategy that will be called the 'green between the genders in the leadership of businesses ' .
We expect Europe to take a leading role in Copenhagen on climate change ; we can do so well and with the ratification of all ILO conventions .
These include issues of access to jobs and detention in the context of the Reception Conditions Directive and how best to meet the needs of Member States , which are particularly pressure in the context of the Dublin Regulation .
The Member States participating in the bilateral loan agreed in March on a reduction of interest rate by 1 % and for the extension of credit rating .
These include the creation of a permanent mechanism to protect the euro against speculative attacks , monitoring the activities of existing rating agencies and the possible creation of a European credit rating agency .
The figures speak themselves .
Furthermore , I believe that the Council also realised the importance of the proposal in terms of highlighting the need for a new integrated point of view .
That is all , Mr President , Mr Reynders , Commissioner , which I wanted to say in opening up the debate .
This , on the one hand , but I will also monitor a number of social , environmental and economic criteria , as I have committed a commitment to the prior evaluation of all the regulations .
The crisis has given rise to some urgent concerns about municipalities , workers and businesses across Europe .
This has therefore arisen the urgent need to establish procedures for combating illegal timber trade through the implementation of a better analysis and control of the often complex trade flows .
Subject : BONUS consortium
I see that the lawyers who have been elected here in plenary or those who believe about them do not know that the rapporteur has the mandate to make the most popular post of the report was not discussed in plenary .
( DE ) Mr President , I wonder why it is always worth me that the Commission does not want to present things to the European Parliament .
I firmly believe that Romania 's maritime border , for example , is better protected than such borders in other countries in the Schengen area .
The Commission 's aid and advice will be important in order to ensure that this is done in a way that corresponds to European standards , using the best possible experience .
At the moment , the annual reporting cycle , which I consider to be appropriate and do not understand why a new three-year cycle is needed that will end up being replaced .
However , it must be ensured that , as a result of this proposal , small carriers will not be forced to stop shipments in rural areas due to bureaucratic obstacles or a strong increase in costs for insurance .
Mr President , Commissioner , we have raised the subject to discuss contacts between the institutions of the European Union and its citizens .
These checks are essential .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of this resolution because I believe it is necessary to establish a system for supervising and supervising credit rating agencies .
They have been denied children 's soldiers and they have used the civilian population as a human shield , but this is not in any way the responsibility of the state authorities in the case .
Sometimes , even if ordinary arguments do not result .
Perhaps if we were to implement it in European politics , we would not have here .
On the other hand , I voted in favour of the references made to the problems facing agriculture as a result of climate change , as I believe that the regions worst affected must be compensated accordingly .
No durable , serious or coherent solution to the problem of climate change can be found in the logic of the system that has been reformed .
We must give full support to those countries that do not have the conditions , based or the opportunity to provide assistance to their citizens .
The collapse collapse has a particularly strong impact on the small and medium-sized enterprises sector , which provides the majority of jobs , and now reducing a huge amount of employees as a result of export output and reducing development opportunities .
The regime has grounds to be afraid of justice .
That is the most innovative instruments that we will propose .
Of course , this would be contrary to the new framework directive on electronic communications .
International trade has become a form of the new foreign policy and could help create better living conditions throughout the region .
They are houses they bought in good faith and even do not receive compensation for that .
For this reason , I have not been prepared to speak accordingly about the reports that are before us today .
I would like to highlight three violations of religious freedom as a way of calling on the Council and the Commission , here in one single person - you , High Representative - to give a voice and thus show those who are elected to those and all other persecuted citizens .
Respect for fundamental human rights in all countries in Europe is at the heart of EU cooperation .
The solutions we have taken there were fundamental and important .
Food security is a fundamental human right , which is achieved when all people have physical , social and economic access to sufficient food .
I would recommend them .
Member States should thoroughly examine this strategy and create an administrative body as soon as possible with the implementation of the strategy and coordination with other Member States .
It was not time to give our support to this report .
We have not introduced an obligation to pay all the documents , but only those who are essential to enable human rights , which is subject to criminal prosecution , to understand what is happening with it or it .
The interests and ideas can be seen in every step in the European Union and must be .
We will continue to improve the clear and multidimensional approach that we have built .
European farmers are already making efforts to secure safe products using techniques that do not harm the environment and comply with animal welfare standards .
I am sure Mrs Malmström will be a representative .
I therefore believe it is right to put a stop to public subsidies for uncompetitive mines in 2014 .
Greater coordination is therefore needed between the measures taken by the United States and those taken by the EU .
They need a rule of law , good governance , transparency , our experience as partners .
This unprecedented economic crisis , which is hitting serious hit , the beautiful disaster for developing countries .
The fact that the Maltese MEPs voted against this report was a pity and a clear sign of a risk that can not be ignored .
There is no excuse ; there is no justification .
Unfortunately , the European political leaders who visited the island have not been able to meet with the representatives of those who have been held for this reason have felt isolated .
You have specifically raised the question of the situation of the islands of Mayotte and Lampedusa .
We agree with what he said .
The negotiations between the EU and the Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) have been continuing for two decades in experience to negotiate a free trade agreement .
I believe that the accusations aimed at Romania are also aimed at the EU .
To this end , as regards content , we need to look at two main aspects in order to achieve success in implementation .
( NL ) Madam President , the European Parliament and the Member States are applying double standards .
The average age of patients involved in clinical trials with regard to increased blood pressure , is 63 , while at the same time 44 % of patients are more than the age of the age when , for the first time , they have been diagnosed .
The Commission , although it has not received other complaints on the application of electronic communications in Bulgaria , will continue to monitor the current situation in order to ensure compliance with EU law .
As far as the question of genetically modified organisms is concerned , I would like to remind Parliament that the Union and Canada have signed a more formal solution to overcoming these differences .
Taking into account developments and the need to approach the most detailed procedures and risk management procedures , the Commission has launched the initiative during the weekend on 17 , 18 April , together with the Spanish Presidency and Eurocontrol , to propose a coordinated European approach .
However , it is necessary for money and research .
Madam President , Commissioner , I am the most important sentence of this resolution is paragraph 7 , which states : 'the assault in accordance with the principles of better regulation , every future legislative act is accompanied by a complete impact assessment of the reporting of regulatory and administrative burdens , and to ensure that any new law is proportionate to the objectives that seek to achieve ' .
One example is the Prague Declaration signed by the President of Poland , Alexander Transnistria , and the President of Germany , Johannes Johannes .
Yesterday , during my London conversation with the Prime Minister of Japan , he has assured me that he also wants to cooperate with us , including in the international efforts that are to be made in the G8 and G20 , to achieve higher levels of nuclear safety in the world .
The answer was made by two parts : 'No a weapon ' for the least developed countries and Economic Partnership Agreements for the ACP countries .
We must take care of this to be a common fight which , of course , is aimed at eliminating all forms of discrimination .
In these principles , particularly important standards for product quality and production conditions are essential , including in terms of combating climate change and reducing CO2 emissions .
The new rules will reduce bureaucracy , including through mutual recognition of regulatory solutions to each of the parties and avoid wasting resources .
I understand that , in the process of electing Members of the Commission , you have no room for manoeuvre .
The ideas of lowering the quality and demand that we take care of the European Union and should be taken into account .
We therefore very much welcome all your comments .
The next item is the statement by the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy/Vice-President of the Commission on the situation in Iraq .
Between 1990 and 2005 emissions from the transport sector have increased by 32 % .
Financing for the needs deriving from the enlargement of the EU with the accession of Croatia and the adjustments under the Treaty of Lisbon will be integrated into a charter or amending budget .
It is therefore important to reach an agreement at first reading .
It is through the most fruitful work that the institutions are acquiring legitimacy within the European architecture , not through ...
It is clear that volcanoes continue to catch up , as well as the Icelandic volcano .
Will you succeed in a country playing so much more in doing so short time ?
This is the right path to take and we should , in the future , pay particular attention to the rights of artists and the prevention of piracy .
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group . - ( NL ) Mr President , Palestine without doubt is an Islamic territory .
No other text proposed to replace paragraph 9 .
However , all of our children are in danger of being harmed , as victims of the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography are multiplying .
On the basis of these financial instruments and , within the framework of the estimates for 2014-2020 , the Commission must also define a solution to the financing of gas from alternative sources that could have a tangible impact on the European gas market and energy market .
The European Union must therefore adopt an industrial policy that combines competitiveness , sustainability and decent working conditions .
It is important to be fully aware of the situation on the basis of precise data for what happened in the Fukushima nuclear plant .
The European Union has committed itself to stepping up its contribution to international coordination and the High Representative and Vice-President is very interested in this .
The most effective limit for sexual crime should also be harmonised .
We defend free access to our cultural heritage and daily solidarity between generations and between neighbours .
We must bear in mind that there are also the most worrying species , for example , and that every year on scientific criteria , resources are identified next year .
Minister , I welcome the dislike and - if I can express so - sound analyses both of Mr López Garrido and the Commissioner Olli Rehn , whom I would like to congratulate him and wish him every success in his new office .
We were the first organisation that , in 2006 , took part in cooperation and concluded an agreement on the Court of Justice , providing the International Criminal Court with full political and diplomatic support through the adoption , political dialogues and statements .
We must also ensure that some clarity are ensured in terms of funding .
Passengers travelling to part of these journeys in long distances are also covered .
So what is it trying to prove ?
What could be the cause of such a disparity between official statistics and the observations of medical workers ?
If we are unable today to ask ourselves questions about the scope of effective pressure mechanisms and execution , I do not know what sort of situation would finally take action .
The European Union needs a new , medium-term strategic vision for growth and development , combined with prudent collection and redistribution of financial resources .
The question is : who bears responsibility and who - the financial burden ?
While we MEPs always have a fundamental role in the area of policy , we must be able to help this work .
In the information society , and in particular during the development of the communication infrastructure , the focus on data storage and the data processing centre can be located on various places and even in different countries .
Unfortunately , and this year , representatives of the Council have overlooked the invitation of the technical committee .
Unfortunately , I am going to vote because when you were absent from the plenary sitting , I did not work .
For these reasons , I have decided to vote in favour of the provision as a whole .
Of course , we must fight against crimes on the Internet and against crimes that exploit children and young people .
Compared to other Member States , I feel ashamed , because sometimes it is only a third or not least used to this opportunity .
Let me also thank the shadow rapporteurs from the ITRE Committee for their constructive support .
Transport is another area where it will be necessary to amend and improve the competitive environment .
The number of recent is very significant .
We also need independent monitoring structures to ensure the quality of the EIB 's results and compliance with its party to the Code of Conduct .
One example of specific action during our chairmanship in the field of road safety is the final negotiations between the Council and Parliament on a proposal for a regulation on the requirements of the general product safety for motor vehicles .
When will we have a European credit rating agency ?
( FR ) Mr President , Mr Rehn , as you know , there are two ways of reducing deficits .
The statistics have also been discussed .
In fact , this report on equality between women and men , which we are voting on every year , has a special significance for me .
It is therefore a radical reform of social housing and in the country 's objectives of general interest and , in my opinion , a restrictive definition of what the social services of general interest are represented .
Such a measure will help to eliminate poverty and give older people the opportunity to live in dignity .
This is not enough , because Article 9 is conceived to promote the objectives of the European Union , as outlined in Article 3 of the Treaty .
However , the Innovation Union will only succeed if it is implemented with the Member States and regions .
The large farms are expected more in terms of jobs and the environment .
The Commission , together with the Council and the European Parliament , must develop this scoreboard and prudent indicators for Member States .
long-term solutions will have to be found in connection with the debate which we are to start on the new common agricultural policy .
The next item is voting time .
There are many questions left .
This is a serious process in which the experience plays an increasingly important role .
In information that the Council has provided , the Commission also stated that it will ensure compliance with the provisions of the Accession Treaty and that it retains its right to demand clarification from the Member States that continue to apply restrictions .
Above all , we must think about the social dimension : it is about people who are here and we must ensure that they keep their dignity , they will feel useful and receive professional recognition and they will have economic opportunities to survive .
We share your concern for the use of cyanide .
I am about the continuation of quotas .
In fact , I do not agree with the most problematic approach that is often bad enough to satisfy the needs of the African country , including with regard to the institutions and the private sector .
In this case , there are no obstacles to the informal exchange of good practices or best practices between countries .
The first concerns research and , in particular , the sixth and seventh framework programmes .
My committee is now beginning to hide whether safety , given the freight accelerated , is starting to compromise from the inability to implement European legislation .
I therefore strongly welcome your efforts and positions of you , and I would like to congratulate you personally .
Perhaps it was not as the situation in Malta , where , as I understand , it is particularly difficult , but I think that everyone in the European Union has experienced something similar and without doubt , we need to work together .
The main objective of this document is to help Bulgaria 's efforts to decommission 4 of the Pacific 's largest headquarters of its nuclear power plant .
Unfortunately , he forgot to visit the opposition , which would otherwise be a case of normal .
I have already mentioned the Commission 's report on progress .
They are used almost in all areas of human activity , which is why maximum clarity must be ensured in their use and established rules for their use in the European Union in the area of the economy , public health , public health and administrative activities .
I remind us all that Turkey 's accession process towards the EU continues to be of strategic importance for the European Union .
We must abide by our commitments to the countries of the South , making a distinction between the different categories of South , because real China and Africa can not be put in the same basket .
We must send out a clear and consistent political message to the Commission and our citizens .
2008 Annual Report on Human Rights and EU policy in this area ( debate )
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start - and not because of the requirements of the label , and I have said - and I express my sincere thanks to the Vice-President of Commissioner Verheugen , the Commission , its staff , the Czech Presidency , which unfortunately can not be with us today , and the members of the committee for their positive and constructive cooperation with regard to this dossier .
It is true that the Court has indicated its activities and irregularities in relation to these funds .
What will we be going to be in June , however , with regard to the 2020 strategy ?
The summit must serve as a review of energy security policy , which must be applied on the basis of interdependence , transparency , security , supply and combating climate change , and improving energy efficiency .
In accordance with Rule 140 of the Rules of Procedure , the proposal is put to the vote .
This is the largest number of victims of journalists in the world at all .
Until now , the UN Convention on the Sea and the United Nations Fisheries Organisation Fisheries Organisation ( FAO ) Convention was sufficient to regulate the extraction of natural resources in the Arctic Ocean and the seabed .
Agenda for next part-session : see Minutes
Furthermore , I consider the argument that it is currently not a ridiculous agenda for this time .
I ask you the following : will you first take action , not only now in order to monitor the countries strictly , but also in order to monitor the markets and , if so , what action ?
Today , a lot of money is put to the table , but they are actually intended to calm the financial markets while people are only hurting pain .
However , recognising the existing disputes arising from differences in interests and priorities , I do not seem to me to conclude that the European Union has no place in the world or that a foreign policy of all Member States should be imposed against their own interests or even their own history .
We still have farmers who want and can produce food .
In short , if we want to succeed , we must be in our hands on European regions , towns and cities and a reformed cohesion policy in line with the new situation .
Now it is time to behave wisely and responsibly .
This is the price we will prove that we are united in terms of the principles that we often say that we are very often claiming to keep to criticise the principles of others .
I am thinking aside , but I believe that all the declarations applied to this budget for 2011 - because , yes , one budget itself is political , as Parliament has shown by the political priorities that it included in the budget - whether they are on own resources , European added value , Lisbon - the Commission statement - or in the context of this joint statement , which is important and has already been followed by a letter from the Belgian Prime Minister , the European Union President , I believe that all these statements are at all at the stages are going on the right .
It has no spectacular ignorant structure and it can be countered by means of high-level intelligence efforts .
Other environmental changes also have an increasingly influence over the Arctic region , biodiversity and the landscape in both land and sea .
In view of the improvements made by mediation , we will vote in favour .
We must insist on the development of the civil dimension of the process of pursuing peace and peacekeeping missions , as well as the management of crises and the reconstruction of the reconstruction process .
Mr President , I abstained on this issue for two reasons .
North , and South Sudan must be managed on the basis of the principles of democracy and the rule of law , respecting human rights and social and economic rights .
The consolidation measures taken by Greece are essential to strengthen fiscal sustainability and market confidence and are warmly welcomed by the Commission , the Eurogroup , the European Central Bank and the IMF .
It should be known that the European Parliament does not want the independent European supervisory architecture and the European Systemic Risk Board and the ESRB to be created by the most influential or of the parties , but with conviction of all parties .
No one can accurately identify sexual orientation or discrimination based on sexual orientation .
The Commission is pleased that criminal sanctions are recommended in the directive for particularly severe cases for which these sanctions are both necessary and appropriate .
Every region , every business , every citizen , we need .
Adjournment of the session
The application fulfils the eligibility criteria established by the EGF Regulation , which is why I voted in favour of mobilisation of the fund .
I would therefore like to urge Member States to apply the directives properly for equal treatment for men and women in employment .
Once again , I also congratulate you on this difficult time for you , because of internal problems , I hope you will be able to resolve these problems and also to prepare the next summit after three months .
We agree with the Commissioner 's viewpoint , not only because we agree with it , but because it expresses the goal that the world can not afford to do so .
What do you think we need to change in the way in which we have done our job ?
In our opinion , farmers must be rewarded to provide public services .
Action to inform and promote agricultural products on the internal market and in third countries ( debate )
I therefore appreciate what has been done today and I believe that from now on , we must continue to tackle the financial terrorists of rating agencies and speculators , which are causing chaos in people 's lives and try to overthrow sovereign governments .
We have mobilised all the victims of great anguish .
The resources that you have said , Commissioner , is another factor that has exacerbated the conflict .
Finally , it aims to make all Member States to introduce equal treatment for public medical assistance - namely access to free care for illegal migrants .
We have reached 28 compromises ; compromises rather than proclaiming the strategic vision that we wanted to give this report to our commitment to the Mediterranean .
In practice , this is mainly about the flow of energy that is allocated from primary energy sources .
I am happy to give you a longer and more in-depth response to this issue in writing if you send a letter to me at a short time so that I can do so within the framework of the Commission 's term of office .
To close the debate , I have been very unusual to wind up : my mother was a mother in pregnancy , and I am now here , as the Deputy Prime Minister of the Czech Republic ; my brother and my mother are also in an excellent form .
The transport sector contributes to the development and competitiveness of the European Union and to the completion of the internal market , and also influencing the quality of life of citizens .
Yes , I have one question on Belarus .
We should always strive for better regulation .
For its part , the Commission must ensure appropriate levels of funding .
For this reason , the Commission 's proposal for a directive is a positive step .
Governments and taxpayers have had to bail out the banking sector in the European Union with an injection of EUR 200 000 .
The security of the financial assets of the European public is a public good that it is too great to be the master of the proposed directive .
There is much talk about the economy , integration and foreign policy , which is obviously important .
In addition , the objectives of combating unemployment among the low-skilled people , as well as promoting the employment of elderly citizens , it is imperative to encourage the recognition of national qualifications between Member States , as well as encourage certification after the definition of skills acquired by informal apprenticeships .
However , we will not have a debate in plenary .
The image of the whole world is aimed at the EU model and admiration , because we have binding agreements and binding agreements .
We must also know how the operational expenditure of this institution will be covered .
It is true that Switzerland should pay for 600 million a year 's secretarial allowance , but the Congolese Government takes account of the loss of money from the European Union , of value of EUR 3.4 billion per annum , or a net amount of 2.8 billion of a year 's EUR 1.3 billion .
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , a few years ago , my fellow countrymen from eastern Germany have received freedom to travel .
It is therefore increasingly important for Europe to finally equip itself with an effective instrument .
The German Government is currently reviewing its multiannual programme , so we will have to wait until the end of the year before we start discussing the important section in question .
Why can the 27 European countries not agree on a strategy ?
Given this , I do not see reason why I am voting against the mobilisation of the fund in this case .
The Member States are not particularly pleased .
The inclusion of civil society in the process of drawing up the agreement with Cameroon represents a positive indication of this .
Nothing .
Serbia , which is characterised by a Christian tradition , has consistently demonstrated its good intentions .
Particular attention must be paid to less favoured areas , especially mountain regions and small farms .
I would like to start with what I believe is the most effective budget for 2011 and for those who are particularly important for European citizens .
However , I have a number of complaints from the Schengen provisions .
Unfortunately , the example of Kyrgyzstan shows how poor governance and the lack of reforms can essentially lead to political instability and , ultimately , violence .
In addition , in the interests of social justice and ethical causes the difference between the highest and the lowest remuneration in the company must be acceptable .
In my country - Germany - probably not .
My final comment is the following : this climate conference is closed .
I think that it should be taken into account .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank everyone for a strengthened debate and for the support that I have received .
However , I would like to point out that such important measures like those we are debating today require more time for the specialisation and examination ; the short time for the manoeuvres that we had had on the table is completely inadequate .
The ultimate aim , as the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , is to achieve a level of recycling of 85 % by 2016 and a recycling rate between 50 % and 75 % depending on category .
What we need is to break the neoliberal practice of the profits and competition , some like flexicurity , the correct age for retirement and so on .
At the same time , we must be aware of the future risks we are exposed .
I do not have any information in the Commission to have the intention of dealing with this issue .
Would Europe not give its approval to everything ?
The communication that has been sent to this was a signal of some of us about the difficulties we have at the moment , but we were deeply hoping that the democratic spirit will prevail in a country that has been suffering from meaningless and unacceptable politicisation , which is focusing , in particular , on the concept of the people of Côte d'Ivoire .
This is a first step .
Of course , you must also understand that the strategic position of Sri Lanka gives space to external factors , it has analysed external factors which are very difficult to control within the country itself .
The Presidency 's Presidency 's presidency is targeted not only at the European Parliament , but also to the Commission , because the majority of what we are doing is linked to the reimbursement of the redundancies contained in the Commission proposal , which the Council wants to push ahead , and also with the focus on job creation measures .
At the same time , we will also achieve closer cooperation between the Court of Justice of the European Union , the European Court of Human Rights and national courts .
Later , we will discuss in more detail the employment summit .
The main problem among our fellow citizens , which is raising all our meetings at present , is whether their savings are still in safety .
The fact is that the Croatian and Slovenian governments are looking at the key issue of the agreement in a very different light , which does not give rise to mutual trust .
We will send it to the regions , to trade unions , and to the most productive and economic organisations , so that the discussion can be as closely as possible .
We also need positive action to increase women 's representation in political , economic and corporate decision-making powers .
Above all , 59 foresees that we can help to end the crisis by increasing employment levels and offering policies to benefit immigration from outside the EU , even offering them to be somewhere in the garden of citizenship .
It must become part of the European agenda .
I am also opposed to the inclusion of a clear reference to the Memorandum of Fundamental People 's true autonomy ' in an urgent resolution .
Right now , consumers must bear this in mind .
We have not always been of one opinion , but you will probably have a new mandate in the new Commission , a new post , and I wish you every success .
We sympathise with all the dead , injured or tortured in such attacks .
Communication of Council common positions : see Minutes
Some adverse weather conditions , particularly the storm Xynthia , affected also Spain and especially the areas of Andalusia and the Canary Islands , as well as western France and some other countries .
The most important thing I believe that a solution in relation to European economic policy is the Euro Plus Pact , which provides a common agenda and common objectives .
MEPs vote on an individual and personal basis .
Combating racism and incitement to hatred from President Ahmadinejad and others deserve more .
Thanks to the latest research and technology , the crisis has come to be resolved , which , at the same time , supports the measures relating to climate change .
What we are calling on you now , Commissioner , is as soon as possible to give Parliament a final answer to whether the Hungarian constitution is in line with European legislation and fundamental rights .
Programmes together reflect the most advanced nature of poverty and the whole range of situations in the Member States .
I would therefore like to propose the first step that the Commission could take , should be given to these countries in North Africa , which have emerged along the path of democracy , free access to the market in Europe .
We must take measures to combat this negative trend .
Furthermore , we must endeavour not to allow such products , reprocessed with the glue of meat , to come into public childcare facilities where food is collected .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the most difficult kinds of work often draws to atypical contracts that can not guarantee the social protection of workers .
Prime Minister , as a Hungarian and European , I would like to move back during the six months of the current Presidency , with pride and with a high chapter .
I am interested to repeat that a complicated law would not be most affected by the interests of the countries ; in the case of public procurement , it is the opposite .
Honourable Members , official data are quite different .
We must get the positions created by the Treaty of Lisbon .
We will return to this issue , as I will have the opportunity to come back , as you know , in the coming weeks or months , to a number of proposals that were united in the agenda approved by the Commission on 2 June , which was supported by the Council of Finance Ministers and adopted by the European Council .
As a desire for greater integration or tax transfers between the peoples of Europe , it will need to break up the existing monetary union and establish a common monetary union .
We demand that , under these circumstances , a delegation for the elections that the current government will organise in March , as these elections represent the circumvention of Maputo Agreement .
The text of the European Commission is nonsense .
The inhabitants of the Arctic are aware of the growing influence of external social , economic and political factors on their lives .
It is time for action .
The need to strengthen the European Parliament 's role in discussing these issues with debates similar to those we have here today : lively , with various viewpoints , but the protection of a stronger European Union and a stronger euro .
The main problem is therefore not due to the physical lack of food products , but because poor can no longer afford to buy food products at such prices .
It is about economic integration and the Community acquis , as well as equal treatment for all companies in the European Union .
As many of you have said , this is not just the responsibility of one or two people ; all the European institutions and all the Member States must take collective responsibility .
We call for collective redress .
None of the four attacks set out by the Council Presidency would not have been stopped , although the subsequent investigations would probably be easier .
The upcoming Palestinian summit will be key to restoring the unity of Arab countries and , in particular , their joint support for the Arab Peace Initiative .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
Some of the other controversial points have already been included in the Council 's general approach to the decision to impose financial penalties .
It is true that this change can not be imposed on the outside .
I look forward to cooperating in the future .
Mr President , the negotiating round of the vicious circle did not result in concrete results and does not improve the situation of the Tibetan population in the ground .
I also believe that there must also be a social and cultural approach in order to avoid deepening and without this , existing inequalities in terms of levels of literacy and employment .
The modernisation , it will also strengthen the renewed EU renewed enlargement consensus on the basis of the three excited ' to the Euro Group , namely consolidation , implementation of specific conditions and communication , combined with increased EU ability to integrate new members .
On Monday morning , an extraordinary visit of Eurocontrol was held on which an agreement was agreed on the so-called model of 'free zones ' .
The Commission is already working on it and will report you on the results .
It must be noted that the European Union represents a very characteristic and unique model built mainly on democracy and the coexistence of peoples in the European Union .
I would stress our concern that differences in treatment between different professional activities must be removed from the well-known developments at both the organisation level and at the cannons of work and job mechanisms or production .
We need tools in the process .
I would like to congratulate the Court of Auditors for having the correct control of this institution , as well as for the progress it has achieved in its work every year , but also to remind you that we must do our job in this regard .
The answer is as researchers , scientists , policy-making networks , workers in the shoot , consumers and citizens .
We must accept the facts .
Some have been limited to a limited future in which the free movement of data is transferred to the framework in which the large business is allowed to cross innovation and online suppliers are becoming the most mobile .
The CAP must be simplified , as it will make our agriculture more sustainable , thereby preserving and creating jobs and contributing to the sustainable development of rural areas .
in writing . - Members have received more than 400 petitions on the subject of widespread misleading business practices applied by some directory companies which affect thousands of mostly small businesses in the European Union .
Prices on sugar and meat reach new historical records and , while there are at least 2 % increase in cereal production , the prices of these goods will continue to increase .
Although I support the call for the Commission to table a proposal for legislative amendments and for both measures , this does not mean automatic support for the Commission 's proposal .
Obviously , judges , and it is necessary to have experts in the area of their local law , which is quite complicated in themselves , must be obliged to have such knowledge as well .
Mr Barroso has committed itself to 3 % of investment in research and development .
We continue to continue the work on monitoring the road map and we support for state-building , including in sensitive areas , such as the rule of law and border management .
Secondly , it must be clear that the European Commission 's negotiating mandate must be strictly limited within the Community acquis to ensure that no longer , in future , ACTA will mean a more pragmatic treaty ' .
Consumers who buy in the Netherlands enjoy good protection , but in carrying online purchases , often from foreign shops , this protection is not guaranteed or is dubious .
We are looking at this as part of the development of a comprehensive and integrated policy in Iraq .
Our debate is based on the position of the European Court of Auditors .
It is right to condemn the horrific murders perpetrated by the fanatics .
Ten pages look at a little , but they are full of concrete initiatives .
Until we are dealing with the supermarkets in this area , we will not have a solution .
I do not know why , but I understand that some of the large groups in this House were not prepared to face up to the Brazilian Ambassador , who last week in Brussels .
The acquis communautaire and modern acquis is one of the EU 's objectives .
It seems that , of the criteria for identifying regions in a less favourable situation , optimism is becoming a major confusion .
The ERTMS was created above all to promote interoperability .
The ecosystem , including software and technology , which can also be used for civilian and military purposes , are considered technological products with dual use .
My Council is to take into account and adopt the democratic process in Poland and in France with proper humility .
As part of the European Neighbourhood Policy , we already have an initiative aimed at this region : the Black Sea Synergy .
As FYROM , I am very pleased to note that the country has made progress in 2009 and that the Commission proposed that the Council set a date for opening negotiations .
Mr President , it is late and I will try to be brief , but not because the problems are less important .
I would like to draw attention to this because , as you know , under the External Action Service staff must include the officials from the Commission , the Council and the diplomatic services of the Member States .
And thus we have the money of European taxpayers ' money to suffer a dictators who will oppress their peoples , while at the same time our own citizens live badly .
We need sound , credible evidence , not materials drawn up by pressure groups using climate change to be pursued by own goals or politicians using climate change to justify the existence of the European Union .
They should be really effective in order to prevent older practices .
Therefore , the creation of a monitoring and evaluation mechanism is very important if we want to win the support of the citizens of the Member States .
The EU-Canada Air Transport Agreement is very important for the future of relations between the two countries .
The worst thing of everything is that this is a regulation , not a directive .
Of course , the Ukrainians must also be improved , but they can rely on us , we are ready to help them and provide assistance , and we will see what this will lead to the longer term .
However , banks are lending and their shares are being financed by derivatives .
Despite all the criticisms , I , of course , wish you every success in your efforts to convince both sides .
I believe that it should be regrettable .
The exchange of views clearly demonstrates how sensitive these issues are , and therefore , if Parliament approved the proposed legislative resolution tomorrow , the Commission will fulfil its commitment , resulting from the framework agreement , and will meet the resolution in the award period .
Sudan and South Sudan (
Our financial sector is interconnected with the Scandinavian .
I believe it is advisable to give the authority of the right to issue their own certificate of the aeronautical product to be issued , thereby avoiding the duplication of assessments carried out by the authorities of the complainant .
This will contribute to preventing a number of budgetary transfers .
This is particularly important because this evening , we are debating a regulation whose measures are expected from thousands of players in real conditions .
This contradicts the principle of transparency and restricts the role of Parliament , which nevertheless has a more consistent function .
The US can receive some of our passengers ' data , but three conditions are under the US .
My second request , Commissioner , is the Union to use its entire energy and credibility to ensure that Member States in general adapt their legislation to international law .
The manufacturer has been refused access to the market for 14 years .
This is an important consideration , because energy security ends in the consumer or rather the bill for energy and whether it can pay it .
Thank you very much for your attention .
The current European Union law contains clear provisions concerning the immunity of MEPs and waive immunity , which is why there should be a vote .
I therefore think that we are now witnessing the result of a continuous pursuit of the European integration process - because human dignity , human rights , democracy and the rule of law are part of the essence of the European integration process , which is historic .
The first concerns the discharge of the Commission .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
It has also been discussed with the Commission and the Council .
We urgently need to identify what the difficulties encountered by Member States in implementing the directive , as well as the difficulties for the professionals themselves .
Full application in these Member States is also a matter of equality and non-discrimination within Europe , because excluding these two countries would send out an utterly negative signal to their population , which is a great desire to join the area of free movement .
My own country - Finland - is ready to offer its own national strategy for the Roma to be able to offer a common use .
However , there are many opportunities to be used for green investments and policies , such as elements of economic recovery and stability .
If I had to summarise the debate , I would say , in conclusion , that the European Union budget is too high .
However , as regards imports , compliance with our own rules can hardly be controlled .
In this case , the European Union directive and its herbal regionalisation are clearly the most obvious ; it has adopted a conflict with natural laws and will have a significant negative impact on the insurance industry .
We need permanent control of the dioxin , separation of the defendant of the dioxin operator , in my opinion , a requirement for feed on the territory of the whole of the EU , a better protection of farmers who are unable to prevent such negligence and criminal patterns in the feed chain .
However , on the other hand , such security measures will enable thorough analysis , which is impossible to do on the borders .
Madam President , this is indeed good news .
For this reason , I supported this report .
During the same period , all trade barriers in agricultural output and fish must be phased out , allowing this free trade in food .
Many think that the case of Opel/Vauxhall is a German issue .
rapporteur . - ( IT ) I endorse your invitation .
Guinea ( vote )
The European Union mobilised all existing political instruments to support the countries of the Western Balkans in their quest for reforms and regional cooperation .
It is important that the service should be created by taking into account the roles and cooperation between the Commission , the Council and Parliament and to be based on mutual trust and will for cooperation .
Ladies and gentlemen , yes , to support the Tunisians .
Hence , the need for a new integrated Community strategy , which will go beyond 27 national plans .
( HU ) Europe and the European Union are emerging as a peaceful project and are now going through a peaceful period in its history .
Now let me comment on the reports one of one , trying to concentrate on the substance in order to save time .
At the same time , I believe that the European Union , and especially the Commission , must maintain their common commitment to the objectives , the reform process and the adaptation strategy to local and health systems of the Global Fund .
In this way , there is a somewhat mismatch between travellers who have crossed their flights through a tourist agency and those who have gone on to the Internet ; that is , in my opinion , another issue that we need to solve .
I thank my fellow Members for supporting this report .
It is therefore right that the EU monitors all the actions aimed at intimidation to intimidation to those who are openly criticising the mistakes of state officials .
Before the vote :
However , I would like to stress that reducing the administrative burden for micro-entities , we must not violate the conditions for fair competition , neither on the internal markets of the Member States nor the European Union market .
President-in-Office of the Council . - ( SV ) Mr President , thank you for the views that are really essential .
There are clear differences in events in Libya where dialogue was replaced by military aggression and so it has become impossible to find a peaceful solution to the conflict .
The wording of your original proposal is not perfect .
Written explanations of vote
Official Development Assistance ( ODA ) has played and will continue to play a part of critical importance in supporting our efforts to tackle the crisis .
Yes , of course , we want it , and that is precisely because we need concrete targets in the social and employment area .
We agree with the rapporteur that companies must have freedom of establishment within the single market and be able to relocate their registered offices on the other .
I believe that it will be good for us to be able to agree on the amendments before the vote on Wednesday , so that there is complete unanimity in the whole House .
However , I do not agree with the fact that the Centre has not fully implemented its obligation to send the authority to grant discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget , a short presentation of the director of the Centre for the number of internal auditor audits carried out .
Ukraine has developed dynamically and diverse civil society and a media environment .
At the same time , it will help to limit Europe 's dependency on energy imports , which is equally important as we have recently seen during the gas crisis .
It is my opinion that Member States must be obliged to exchange information contained in the criminal records in relation to sexual abuse - and I believe that the European information system for the data on criminal records ( files ) is a definite step forward in this front - to prevent the perpetrators of certain crimes from entering children , and hence to improve the protection of victims - not only during the investigation , but also after the finalisation of the legal process .
I am thinking of five of the seven types of maritime species , the species of mine , whales and various important marine mammals .
The Ukrainians are also three associated countries : Norway , Iceland and Switzerland ; Liechtenstein must become the fourth .
The debate is closed .
At the same time , as they suggests , LCVs is mainly used for commercial purposes .
Therefore , this issue simply needs to be handled .
This is the case with this text , which has just been explained very well by all the Members of all the countries concerned , and which affects all citizens of third countries who are legally living - I would stress - in Europe .
( FR ) Madam President , I am delighted to all the colleagues in today 's debate and I would like to draw attention to territorial cohesion .
The second is that no mention is that 2 October will be one of the most important dates in all EU history , and this will be in the Swedish Presidency .
It has been hit hard by the economic , financial and banking crisis .
It is equally important to continue combating the traffickers ' traffickers who benefit from the distress and difficulties they are living immigrants who are willing to pass in Europe .
Tunisia , as Iraq and Egypt , was a political repressive regime even in the Middle East standards , but also on the standards of the Middle East , has been a secular regime even .
I have received two motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with Rule 115 ( 5 ) and Rule 110 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
One year after Lisbon : the EU-Africa partnership in Action ( debate )
This report aims to improve passenger rights in bus and coach transport - an ambition I welcomed by voting in favour .
It is difficult to see how Mr Mubarak can play another more competitive role in this transition , except by opting for a return .
However , it will put all the issues of immigration relating to integration and inclusion , under the authority of the Commissioner for Social Affairs , as these are social inclusion problems .
This situation is in contrast to the objective of territorial cohesion , where Member States are developing a balanced way in geographical terms - the objective set out in the Treaty of Lisbon .
We are critical of the Russian side in the gas dispute between Russia and Ukraine and the conflict between these two countries .
Indeed , governments have put over them and what the government has proposed is often realised in parliament .
They will receive a written answer .
This is another good alarm and fair criticism , which unfortunately does not go to the bottom of the questions and that is why it remains largely without value .
I believe that consumption is the main characteristic of consumer society .
The role of the Presidency is actually to make it easier and should , in this way , be taken over .
It is true that we are leading to a large extent , but we still have a lot of work to do .
The UNHRC needs new legal instruments for permanent monitoring of the continued human rights violations and rapid response to emergencies arising from the political situation in the world ( Tunisia , Egypt , Iran , Belarus ) .
Time is short .
European citizens benefit from agriculture in the form of food security , environmental protection , combating climate change , maintaining rural communities and supporting farmers ' families .
( LT ) Madam President , I would like to congratulate my colleague and thank her for her cooperation in drafting this important report .
I welcome Parliament 's work , a large part of which has been done in the urgency , but I will highlight the contribution of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , which should have been given greater recognition at the right time .
Then we are resorting to various rescue measures - in vain - and now everything we have been in European economic governance .
As a Member of the European Parliament , which has always paid particular attention to issues relating to crime prevention , security and police cooperation , I am aware of the essential importance of Europol for creating a safe European territory and preventing crime in Europe , and the need to assert itself at various levels , including those currently being discussed .
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon in December 2009 , the European Investment Bank became an instrument for supporting the EU 's external policies and , at the same time , in an important partner for the Union 's economy .
Furthermore , it is certainly difficult to maintain independence and neutrality in the area of humanitarian activity .
The Commission 's proposal for a regulation on the establishment of this service is currently being examined in the Community institutions .
The 18th and freight were delayed or not at all the most expensive , suffered by which they have suffered large and small businesses .
The report proposes that the additional parliamentary term which Sweden and other Member States will be given if the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force , be elected representatives of the forthcoming elections for the EP and then receive observer status in Parliament .
The crisis in the Arab world has shown that the direction followed up until now in the Neighbourhood Policy has been wrong .
I now see the letter of the corrections to the Commissioner : I am sure that its project is completed and ready to submit to the Commission on budgets .
The damage has been estimated to almost EUR 900 million , which is nearly 0.7 % of Romania 's GDP .
Commissioner Verheugen should know that .
We call for an urgent need for calm and restraint and we demand that the national authorities of Guinea-Bissau carry out an inquiry into these events and to pass on the responsible of justice .
Therefore , we need to conclude the Doha Round immediately .
This indicates the inconsistency of the EU , which has crossed the powers of Member States in this area , while refusing to increase financial resources for activity .
It is certainly true that this request from the Commission came too late and that it offers less things than it was possible .
Looking at the perspective , I see how the city continues to expand on the basis of well allocations and well controlled funds .
Secondly , he has said that the Commission should start investigating the possibility of Eurobonds - I would finally say .
I do not understand why Brussels must enforce protection for non-smokers in Lapland and in Andalusia , which will be consistent with the latest detail .
To this end , I hope that Member States will make a real commitment to improving the existing conditions and infrastructure in order to ensure that disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility are provided with care that they meet their needs .
The Agency 's specific tasks are already appointed by other legislative acts .
This will be carried out more thoroughly analysis of the current obstacles to the entry .
We want the Commission to take responsibility and we want the Council , which is not here , to respond to the expectations of European citizens with regard to nuclear safety in Europe .
It is unacceptable for the economic crisis that the EU should be dragged into a mechanism for every problem .
The next item is the joint debate on :
Certain components and characteristics of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors ( vote )
The first reason for this fair criticism are the objectives of the bank .
We have also managed to agree that we need to increase the role of the management bodies and , especially , the supervisory authorities , including the internal and external supervision in companies .
I stress , one amendment .
The new conditions are provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon and the mechanism for closer cooperation , and I would like to point out that we have made the necessary warnings about their consequences .
However , there are still serious references to the various EU countries in terms of health in the population .
We all know how important Serbia is to make a positive contribution ( the same applies to Croatia ) so that this country can preserve its integrity and carry out the necessary reforms .
I , too , contributed to the provision of almost unanimously ratification of the treaty , at least in Croatia .
The opposition has not been involved in work because of the lack of guarantee ; it was not its right to participation , as the rule has changed .
However , I would like to make it quite clear that our ultimate goal is to work together with the European Commission to ensure that the Schengen area operates normally and , in the best interests of our citizens , without giving the State to the state of affairs of persons with criminal intent .
Thank you very much for your efforts .
The political system is also far too far satisfactory , especially as regards the ongoing repression of political parties , different from the ruling , as well as the epicentre of various religious groups .
You have to say so high that you should keep a lot of votes from our foreign ministers , sometimes even so high that we hear the voices of the unqualified Washington and the voice of Catherine Ashton .
The rapid development of new economies has distorted the balance between countries and their investment capacity .
In particular , we need to speed up the process of revising Directive 90/314/EEC on package holidays , just as we need , on the one hand , to give itself the way ...
The main driving force for these measures lies in procedures and sanctions .
It is the Member States that are responsible for their finances and problems must be resolved in the countries where they have occurred .
Just as regards emissions standards from large combustion plants , I think that the report has gaps .
Between 1997 and 2000 , Commissioner , Romania is the most energy-efficient , 10 000 children .
Unfortunately , ten years after the first semester of the hysteria of the Lisbon Strategy , this is the new recipe for which it is a danger to turning into a cure for weakening the European economy .
The port of the ports in Papua New Guinea is being revised in plants , which are quickly created by operators from the countries concerned , with sole aim of benefiting from the total exemption from the customs duties granted by the EU under this interim agreement .
I hope that the Commission will really keep its promise to produce not just a report , but a genuine legislative proposal .
I would like to draw attention to one example : energy security .
We will do so that the financial markets we need to do again at the service of the real economy , not back , as happened in the last 15 years .
I would like to draw attention to the fact that the EU reformed the common organisation of the banana market in 2006 .
So , in these positions , we represent a country or a region : we represent the whole of Europe .
The European Union must therefore necessarily intervene as soon as possible , and we look forward to the Commission drawing up a comprehensive strategy , as you , Baroness Ashton , have been saying , and on the basis of it , powerful intervention .
But let us be frank .
We still receive a lot of euros through the general costs of the year , without any requests for reporting in question .
If they do not provide a constitution with a mechanism whereby people express their dissatisfaction , then they face a revolution and the violence that leads to .
It is clear that we have not created it alone .
They will not be completely perfect once again , but they should provide a solid foundation .
In a country that has refused freer trade and new export opportunities , it will not be easier to meet the commitments and requirements that we set it .
( HU ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , I thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak on behalf of the Hungarian delegation of the European People 's Party .
I congratulate Mr Füle on taking the responsible role and wish him every success in achieving the ambitious objectives .
The programme is in the interest of the younger generation of Switzerland and , of course , of young people in the countries surrounding Switzerland , who will be willing to participate in the Swiss exchanges with Switzerland as part of the programme of 'common - regional partnerships ' or in separate partnerships between schools and on Erasmus .
In accordance with Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure , it will be forwarded to the addressees of the Barcelona applications and published in the interim texts of 18 May 2010 .
The extent to which the proposed cooperation will depend on the elections was clearly stated and , for some time , it seemed to be at least partially honest , accurate and free elections .
It is unacceptable that one billion people are still starving , most of them in the least developed countries ( LDCs ) , in other words the poorest countries in the world .
From our work with the Council of Ministers , in view of the agreements and , secondly , it is possible .
I am thinking of the dossier being taken into this dossier , I think that the Andean Community is possible to move forward on the basis of the agreement , but I will be happy to provide more detailed information through our services .
But , as you said , the situation in Ukraine is not easy .
For the citizens of Europe and for all of us , this is part of the added value that the European Union offers .
Irrespective of how much it manages to save , its debt will continue to increase - even if wages , unemployment and pensions are to be reduced , working time is extended , and public investment in infrastructure , education , health and so on .
It is important to focus attention on this issue in order to maintain the sense of solidarity in our society in the future .
So , in order to ensure that we do not only pay , but also make it crucial that Member States meet the commitments and the promises that have already been made .
I would like to emphasise the importance of preventive diagnosis and early intervention in the early ranking of the disease .
Yes , there are limits , but there are also potential , and this initiative is a real and important step towards supporting participatory democracy .
Freedom of expression should also be applied on the Internet .
When it is created , it will become an overriding international financial institution in the world - the most important in the world in terms of financial strength .
How are they getting elections ?
The right authorities that need to work in the area of pensions and , in practice , in all social matters are national or local authorities , and not .
We also know why there is no effect from the measures taken to stabilise the financial sector , and if there is no such thing , it is not satisfactory .
It also highlights the fact that we must compete on a global market and we must therefore take care of the competitiveness of our maritime transport sector while striving for more sustainable transport .
There will also be other serious consequences .
We need to adopt policies that save money , especially in good times , so that we can have them in bad times .
After all , 20 % to 40 % of world industrial timber production is from illegal sources .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( NL ) I am pleased that the Commission has taken the initiative to revise the Animal Protection Directive used for scientific purposes .
It is a mystery for me to be a mystery of a puzzle why the stronger and more comprehensive social rights are treated primarily as a problem .
The European Union guarantees freedom of expression and of information in Article 11 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
We are all waiting for us to see how we will be going to break up politics within the new Commission with its dominant position to take two posts .
In this regard , the Commission has once again clarified that it really intends to review all existing acts of the Lisbon Treaty as part of the alignment and come forward with new proposals to both legislative bodies : Parliament and the Council .
The Ecofin Council has approved these principles and recognised the need to promote them as much as possible geographical as possible .
Moreover , the fratricidal wars in which it has involved and the brutal impact on neighbouring countries and the international community were , in general , unfavourable effects on the country and the people .
However , in the next few months , the focus of the whole decision-making process will be on you , because a common position will have to be agreed .
Your rapporteur proposes to welcome this communication as a sound sound database ' and calls for an additional analysis , data collection , dialogue and concrete proposals .
Therefore , we need all Member States and all the regions of the Union , not only in the new Member States , to be able to invest and implement projects in these sectors .
It is not and without delay in the complete federation or even in a traditional confederation of nature .
The European Commission asked for information from the Bulgarian authorities to be persuaded whether the special intelligence is used .
I therefore call on the European institutions to define the relevant priorities and give massive support to the creation of public services , providing a firm commitment from the future government of Haiti .
This year , the report is more critical and , unfortunately , rightly draws attention to Turkey 's most sensitive progress , especially in relation to issues relating to citizens ' freedoms and the judiciary .
Composition of Parliament : see Minutes
Although we say that Parliament has been very well aware , and that everything has been very clear and transparent , the way in which the initiative was taken has not done us a good impression of negotiations , which are at the same time with other negotiations , moving in the WTO .
In the Association Council , the European Union welcomes the new measures for Gaza and the West Bank , made up the links made by Mr Netanyahu .
In view of the growing demand for organ transplants in the European Union and the imbalance between the waiting for patients and the number of donations , we must strive to avoid the evasion being avoided and stop illegal trade in organs .
It often affects the lives of European citizens in a abstract way , and its institutions are difficult to understand .
It seems to me that a budget for agriculture is still necessary to distribute its funds fairly and to pay particular attention to regions like Madeira and the Azores , which face permanent difficulties because of their inactive and small area , a small area , an unfavourable climate and geographical location , and that is why they must receive continuous support .
Unfortunately , compared to men , there is a greater prospect of working part-time work , to be employed by the informal contracts and are often part of the informal economy characterised by a lack of work contracts .
Firstly , I would like to ask the Commission to comment on recent legislative changes in Member States with regard to joint decisions by the Court of Justice .
We also welcome the fact that the creation and promotion of jobs have become a priority in these crisis times and our desire to move forward with education and training measures .
Politicians and countries must take initiatives and learn citizens that they must protect their privacy ; as well as their houses and their houses , so we must ensure the security of their electronic devices and their means of communication with the world .
I am delighted , in particular , by the declarations on the Structural Funds and cohesion policy .
Can I accept that your answer means that you do not believe that the party of Mr Méndez , the Chairman of the Bulgarian Socialist Party , whom you expressed your appreciation of his high personal assessment in relation to his work ?
Sometimes , counterfeit statements made by the most brutal and false people are accepted as true .
They include fundamental values of universality , access to high quality healthcare , equality and solidarity .
For example , we can remove the PMOI from the list of terrorist organisations or we can stop contracts between Iran and EU Member States and the candidate countries and Iran .
There are many favourable points in these Economic Partnership Agreements , and I am delighted that I had the opportunity to vote in favour of this report .
These measures require many courage and political will , because they involve different interests and many money in addressing the underground economy .
This is a huge challenge for us .
Passengers in maritime transport will have rights similar to those laid down in European law on travelling by aircraft and trains .
- ( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Temporary Committee on Climate Change has done a very good job .
Scientific evidence that GMOs are safe , must be strong , and the public must have full confidence that the relevant authorities take all necessary safeguards and strict tests .
I also voted in favour of this resolution because it advocates to implement the agreement between Croatia and Slovenia on the border and because of progress made in resolving other bilateral disputes , such as border disputes with Serbia , Montenegro 's and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
I believe that this was a strong political message from the European Parliament to the fullest extent of human rights , not only within Europe , but beyond its borders .
This does not mean an increase in the budget of Parliament or the European budget .
I will make my efforts to ensure that the implementation of this legal measure and its application at national level will not result in bureaucratic difficulties or even abuse of third countries outside the borders of the European Union .
We can not rule out the possibility of one of the consequences of the Congolese population being a demonstration of the Tibetan citizens who will be forced to take extraordinary measures .
This is an extremely important issue in which we are expecting in the autumn , the European Commission to propose a specific directive .
The new rules leave the petitioner to decide whether to refuse the right to privacy or confidentiality or to the two .
And that is also the principle based on which it is based now and for the future , my efforts , while I am a Commissioner - to offer the same guarantees to passengers from all transport sectors .
Serbia is important for the stability of the entire region of the Balkans , and therefore we must have a continuous dialogue with the state at institutional level .
Nanomaterials , labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures (
In trade , it is essential that it is fundamental .
It should also be noted that , as the light commercial vehicles concerned have a more competitive function and are mainly used by small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) , it is important that their opportunities are also taken into account when necessary changes are taken .
We must start by the areas where women suffer from their actual disadvantaged - we must examine the situation of those who care for others without pay , part-time work and the plight of many women who work hard to deal with the needs of the family and with career requirements .
In relation to the agricultural sector over the past twenty years , what has this constant liberalisation actually achieved ?
The content of the agreement expresses the new institutional relations .
I also believe that it is time for the European Union and the Member States to examine the new issues raised by the challenge of the generations .
With some of our members , we are shaping the union of parties , but we are against the single status .
However , it is impossible to give concrete figures , as these children are embroiled in prostitution , slavery , forced labour and so on - areas for which there are no accurate data .
We must accept the fact that the traditional definition of a Single Market as something that is only the restrictive economic dimension needs to be reviewed .
In the official police démarche on the other day , it has not been noted .
The Maltese archipelago of the electorate are ranked in which 99 % of voters .
The European Union is called on to speed up the progress of the world combat poverty and hunger - around 1.4 billion people live in extreme poverty .
The programme is formulated 34 strategic initiatives that we undertake to table for discussion before the end of December .
I believe that Parliament must speak loud and clear , ladies and gentlemen .
I consider it totally unacceptable that a free elected democratically in elections , a democratic member of my group should be blessed with a ruthless dictator .
The report on the proposal for a directive on the application of patients ' rights in cross-border healthcare is an attempt to create a consistent Community framework for providing patients with security in an area where the guidelines have led to this hitherto have been the Court of Justice .
I voted in favour of this report because I believe it is right and proper to protect our livestock from epidemic diseases .
War has always won .
We have the treaty , but we need to be properly improved and even more .
This is a priority in order to effectively use all funds .
On the entry of the troops of Saudi Arabia into Bahrain , I would like to highlight the fact that the six countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council have an agreement on collective security between each other .
Naturally , the adoption of any new Member in the EU , including Macedonia , is only possible when all the requirements are met and with the clear agreement of the EU institutions and all Member States .
Mr President , I would just like to be useful .
In the context of current globalisation , international labour standards constitute the basis that the growth of the global economy will benefit everyone .
It would be good if the next Presidency is to tackle the problem , giving it the same importance .
The fact that some governments are not interested in breaking down the grey or black economy must not be an obstacle and should not cause us to tolerate the repeated images of forests .
This is very important news for the world 's most worryingly , and especially for the millions of Europeans employed by the most energetic and physical activity .
Investment policy must also take it into account .
In Sweden , for example , we have a system called the supergrid .
I am very well aware of the consequences of the decisions adopted by credit rating agencies and the effects that they can have these decisions on the behaviour of investors .
With all respect for your opposition , I expect the same respect for truth .
Yet this does not mean that there is no point in doing the meantime .
The European Union has supplied the UK with workers from outside .
So there was a debate that followed by confirmation that this issue , the Internet will be present in the future agenda of the G8 .
We support the waste reduction initiative to a minimum , and if the results of research and development are allowed , to further recycling , because we are making a great deal of importance to the principle of reversibility .
We therefore believe that the Commission and the Council must examine the procedural rights again in the current new scenario in which we are today .
And , as always , it is about effective monitoring and monitoring .
I therefore support the opinion of the Committee on Fisheries , which wants to end the derogation in reviewing the agreement we are discussing .
It takes the benefits promised to farmers without providing reliable funding for rural development programmes .
We are aware that the common problem is not yet resolved .
That , in my opinion , lies at the basis of the Treaty of Lisbon .
This is a prerequisite that is reflected in Serbia 's accession process nowadays , and it has also been reflected in Croatia .
Unfortunately , there is no room for everything that we have to vote against some of the amendments to the resolution .
I would like to see more products from my region being applied for PGIs and I hope that the Commission will adopt some of the proposals to simplify the application procedure so that there are more applications from my region in Northern Ireland .
The changes proposed for the second reading have generally been guaranteed improvement in passenger rights in collective transport , which we support .
Part of 20 million of the projects produced .
The epidemic has been raging for weeks beyond the European institutions on what needs to be done to help Greece and the euro area .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety has adopted a number of agreements with a large majority .
Even with a limited budget , I believe that the fund is extremely important insofar as it establishes the principle of attracting private equity in a model of the Black Sea , by mobilising the funds that we already have - the Cohesion Fund and others - and putting into a reservoir , which may attract money , which instead of giving money , is through the development of large projects ; that is what we need to be the Fund that we have to do with this .
The epidemic is , as unfortunately , the case has also happened Manuel Rosales .
That is what you did not get out .
( PL ) Mr President , this is a very important topic , but also very sensitive .
The DG Trade currently plays a central coordinating role in ensuring that the effective nature of EU policies and their consistency with the 2009 communication and I am ready to uphold this coordinating role in the commitment taken by my predecessors .
We have quite similar views on how we need to act as unified , while respecting our differences .
It is therefore essential that Bulgaria take some additional measures , namely , drawing up a special action plan to be carried out at the moment of entry into the Schengen area , and also to a joint approach ( between Greece , Turkey and Bulgaria ) so that the country can respond to potential increases in migratory pressure .
I therefore hope that tomorrow , MEPs will be ready to face up to the challenge of this very important legislative package for Parliament , which , for the first time , has exercised the powers of colegislator , just as the Council .
I do not like to have the opportunity to give the floor to Members of this House on matters of such importance , but you are also right as you say that this would require an amendment to our Rules of Procedure .
Some are waiting for the courts over 10 years .
The vote will take place tomorrow , Thursday , 25 November 2010 at 12:00 .
In fact , changes such as the structural and regulatory reform of the financial sector must be carried out , but the current situation can only be improved by creating incentives , as well as by radical and comprehensive policies for modernisation and targeted investments .
For this reason , I would like to ask all fellow Members to show a sense of measure and political vision in these exemptions .
In order for the CAP to continue to work for European citizens and meet their needs , it must receive strong support and that of course means a strong budget .
Of course , the manufacturers of electrical and electronic equipment must be involved more actively in the collection and recycling system , but we can not rid citizens of any kind of responsibility for waste generated .
I therefore call for simplification of the basic principle and abstained in the vote .
We need a regulation and a simple legislative procedure and we await the consultations with the European Council and the Member States on these issues .
The Copenhagen Conference is approaching and the EU must play a vital role in the negotiations on a comprehensive and ambitious global agreement to combat climate change .
We need to reassess in this House what has been achieved - from the micro-credit issue to tackling the violence of racial exploitation - and for all these issues , there must be a comprehensive strategy .
Immigration is a problem that concerns the EU 's countries , which is why they must act jointly to find the appropriate solution to this problem .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
We need to improve the framework for economic governance and thus contribute to the Union 's sustainable and balanced growth in general .
The instrument includes the new Eastern European Union 's neighbours , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Ukraine , Moldova and Belarus .
Madam President , at the moment when the 16 people will died from hunger .
However , it is a shame that the country still has a shoot in politics .
They will also often manage , and therefore also the trade in all Member States , will be more difficult and put to its knees .
I therefore believe that the Council , as the Council did , the decision of President Obama to close Guantánamo to a year .
I definitely encourage the Commission not to give up to the proposed measures and not to give pressure from the Member States , because only some can be considered an example in these days .
How is the European Union involved ?
Parliament 's call for greater protection for the consumer and the fight against energy poverty is now in legislative texts .
The work programme sets out the criteria for the content and the amending budget for the invitation to submit proposals which will be addressed in 2009 .
Everyone is talking about economic governance , but what is it actually representing it ?
Parliament has the following message which is supported by a huge majority .
Only the findings and estimates will we reveal the economic situation of both parties , the bilateral improvement of trade balance or the contribution to improving the social situation .
It was only encouraging - in 1995 , consensus has been reached globally , according to which women and men are equal from all the points of view , including political , economic , legal and social .
We have used it to the Community method .
harmonising the collection of statistical data ; harmonise the collection of statistics ; harmonisation of statistics
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Mr Barrot , you have my support , as you want by this Parliament , you have it at least from this rapporteur and you have it even from the first turn of my report .
We will stand shoulder to shoulder with you so that we prepare the necessary regulation of financial services .
I sincerely hope that the Commission and the Member States will take action on the basis of the proposals involved in it .
The Internet is being used to make it easy to throw fingerprints on German electronic licence forms and emphasise that if identity cards are reduced to the form of credit cards , the images can be made , which will make it difficult to make a lot of biometric data difficult to have doubts about technology .
The first of these is the exceptional mobilisation of the aid mechanism and the global solidarity which sent thousands of people to support the affected by the first stage of the emergency .
I regret that Commissioner De Gucht is not even listening to what I say , but instead prefers to talk with his colleague .
( FR ) Mr President , 2009 was doubtless the year for the euro after its introduction , but at the same time and the same time .
The report takes a good report and specific measures to protect jobs , ensuring high quality employment throughout Europe .
This prosperity will not come to a night and we can therefore expect further reinforcement of the flow of economic migrants fleeing North Africa .
Both Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia consider the issue of the candidate .
Finally , I would like to mention another important aspect , namely how to make the maritime sector attractive to young people .
Whenever I meet people who are living tobacco , between the issues that they have been asked , and that is what will happen with us ?
I would remind you that 56 % of the complaints received are being issued in such a way .
I would call for it to justice because it concerns relations between developing and developed countries and the will to table a reliable proposal for financing measures and to mitigate the effect and adapt , and on how we show our willingness to pursue the rest .
Mrs Vassiliou , she has been hoping for not to be present to this debate , but she asked me to pass on her personal thanks to the rapporteur for all that he did , and for the efforts it has done to achieve the objective .
Europe 's duty is not to remain silent , but again , to repeat and remind him , and insist on the static and firm , Russia to fulfil its obligations .
It is true that not all Member States have consular protection and , in many cases , consular protection is very limited , security structures are insufficient even for the strictest transpositions themselves .
( PL ) The Europe 2020 Strategy can not do everything that we have here today .
( EL ) Thank you , Commissioner , for this very detailed reply .
If you look at the situation of railway stations , for example , it is the basis for similar at the airports .
In the last 10 years , I sit in this Chamber and I wonder how we will reach the end , adopting a regulation after a regulation , the business and opportunities and , in fact , encourage business to move outside the continent .
Following the Second World War , when Europe has gradually begun to accept that African countries ' independence is eventually inevitable , Kenya was clearly excluded from this figure , including with the country that we now know as Zimbabwe .
Europe needs the development of 2020 strategies enabling the market to be a leading role in economic recovery , while also giving its acceptance by citizens , defending their interests ; on the part of consumers , ensuring their rights ; and on the part of small and medium-sized enterprises , providing them with their right to incentives .
Furthermore , we want to increase our efforts in relation to professional students , people in a mature age and elderly people who are no longer in the education system and which are lagging behind on the common development of society .
That is my view .
I am absolutely convinced that this will create differences between Member States , too , with regard to the quantity of visa applications .
They are taking place in a very constructive atmosphere and I think that this is indicative of the need for the European Union to achieve it , as well as for Turkey 's interest to agree with us on readmission .
Council statements and Commission on the preparations for the European Council meeting ( 28-29 October ) ,
Europe must send out this message to this very box .
These experiments have already been held in several countries , particularly in Latin America , where prices have risen exponentially , and the quality has deteriorated .
For this reason , faced with the challenges of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , it calls on the authorities to realise that reduced public investment in these areas can not be offset by private investment , which , due to the weak growth , have also been reduced , and therefore guarantee the restoration of public finances in the short term .
This is a concrete step that citizens of the Member States of the European Union expect us .
The technical rules proposed on the basis of scientific advice are simplified compared to existing legislation , and they will facilitate inspections of board and reduce the costs for fishermen .
Even in the territory of a fisherman in its various regions , different approaches can be needed .
The divide between the Member States ' presidency and the President of the European Council will be of great importance .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , an extremely careful assessment must be made of the European Council 's request to open negotiations with Japan for the conclusion of a free trade agreement .
The European Parliament believes that the adoption of the law on the protection of minors from the harmful impact of public information by the Lithuanian Parliament constitutes a clear violation of the treaty .
Formal sitting - Georgia
Madam President , I am generally pleased that the 5th World Water Forum will take place in Istanbul , and especially that the European Union will participate in its delegation from the Commission and the European Parliament .
We really have to regret that such measures are not intended .
In future , particular attention must be paid to cohesion policy and structural policy , as well as to agricultural policy , it is also necessary to support small and medium-sized enterprises , as it depends on whether Europe will become sustainable and competitive economies .
I support this report , which reiterates once again that we must help Moldova recover economically , taking into account that around 40 % of its economy depends on agriculture .
Unfortunately , the way in which the report was met shows that it did not result in reconciliation , but even greater polarisation .
On the other hand , a country that still depends on a large extent on energy production from firmly fuel is facing a technological gap that must overcome , at the same time polluting emissions .
When the Treaty of Lisbon has been proposed to the people , one of the arguments was that it would give the European Parliament greater influence .
It is clear that it is the combination of the actions for the inclusion of people , and also how we need to carry them , that is what leads to strengthening integration and all it includes .
The truth is that the Commission has presented ambitious proposals to keep the economic situation under constant monitoring and that we will also make other proposals if necessary .
This is therefore a situation where a person in Polish a person who is a sentenced sentence that does not conform to the principles of the Polish right .
This is the position we should strengthen and help to consolidate .
Some people believe that we will create a parallel system if we have one-stop shop for each corridor instead of a functional national service of a one-stop shop , which may be included .
I fear that , in the West African and EU institutions , there are issues of strategic importance for the Member States .
We voted in favour of this report by the Czech Member of our political group because we believe that it is a topic of great importance : improving energy efficiency through ICT .
On the contrary , we must retain the borders of the labour market open , provided that the flow of workers is more flexible and meets the needs of the country concerned .
Thank you for your attention .
I therefore voted for this proposal tabled by Parliament to call on the Commission to assess the impact and analysis of costs , the benefits and structure of managing the European Credit Rating Foundation competent in the various areas of providing ratings : the public sector , companies and financial instruments .
I would call on Members to take a heavy note of the irony between this argument and that was presented after the negative French , French and Irish people were the case .
Baroness Ashton , let us act quickly and strive for the best results , because this will prove another important test for Europe .
We are witnessing a violation of human rights , which we all have to condemn , without exception , and I am therefore voting in favour of this resolution and I am voting against those of my fellow Members who urge all parties to keep calm and abstain from such acts of violence .
Access to the network : cross-border electricity exchange (
It has also been mentioned that in order to be able to join the EU , we in the EU must be well integrated , because then the adoption of new Member States will be effective .
The interest in social housing stems from one hand , the provisions relating to State aid , but it also relates to the definition that is used in setting up the eligible expenditure on the Structural Funds .
Meanwhile , the European Union is indeed monitoring itself and managing the funds , it does things according to the rules .
Our new economic architecture therefore is common lines .
Its change could mean changes within the fisheries framework and even provoke disputes with local fishing companies which are using horse mackerel for the market to be able to produce quality products .
Growth of profit and modern development is indivisible , but in the existence of many more hard-working businesses and with the range of profit professions ( I think , in particular , to the arts and humanitarian sciences ) , it is very important for the purpose of preserving the balance between economic and professional success , that modern universities keep some of their significant academic ties with their own financial perspective .
You will find these things in the programme .
My committee did not take any part in the drafting of this resolution .
We have one more example of the basic problem in the Medicines Agency , which I believe will have the opportunity to discuss again .
The unique tactics aimed at areas of the financial market is the wrong approach .
I am pleased that there is a joy of the first results , but it is self-evident that this is still not enough .
A little bit of bureaucracy and the legislation that , until now , has been completed in the bud of innovative small enterprises - are being the most interesting and young people are beginning to renegotiate the underdevelopment of a stable future , which we hope is fraught with opportunities .
I assure you that , due to my interest , I will follow developments very closely .
I will start to mention something that will happen soon - 8 March will be an important day , as the International Women 's Day , when Parliament will discuss the Women 's Charter .
There must be global supervision of the financial markets .
By day , this place is increasingly similar to the Soviet Union .
You have been elected , your team , your Ministers , but also the political and technocratic authority , carried out a splendid job .
I therefore voted in favour .
We have been legislating on numerous issues .
After the troops were unable to bring peace in Afghanistan , the same could not be the money that you have had there .
We also expect the recognition of the European aspirations of Georgia , Moldova and Ukraine and Russia should be called on to stop putting political pressure on these countries .
In future , the taxpayer should not be forced to pay for damage .
The main focus of the debate on state aid for radio and broadcasting is on so-called public broadcasting broadcasting , according to the definition of each Member State , given the minimum resources they have , and especially their most important role in working at the service of the public .
Turkey 's speech by the Iranian President , the invitation to a conference that has been addressed to the Sudanese President , who is the most persecuted for genocide and the relationship of Israel , seems to show that it is turning away from the West .
The point that we have raised this issue from the point of view of the Committee on Petitions are the nature of which is a dispute at local level , what opportunities are created for the development of the local economy and , above all , I will come back to this later - the most effective application of the law in the European Union .
Even the best ideas , however , are attractive , can not be done if there are not enough financial resources .
Before it was to hide for years , without returning to court .
( PL ) Mr President , I approve of the draft decision of the European Parliament on discharge of the Secretary-General of the Council in respect of the implementation of the budget for the 2007 financial year .
The batteries and even loans provided to entrepreneurs from Community funds provide an institutional lever that can and must bridge the gap left out of the commercial banks as a result of the financial crisis that has already affected the real economy .
beef imports will increase by 70 % , the imports of poultry meat - by 25 % .
In addition to the fact that some areas of medicine in countries with high medical standards can be quickly updated , there is also a risk for the poorer Member States of the European Union that invested less in healthcare , should pay huge costs .
Human rights are a key element in relations between the European Union and Eritrea .
I strongly condemn and reject this double standard and I urge colleagues not to have political divides but to outsource those responsible , the Commission and the Hungarian Government , the professional evaluation and the conclusion of the problem .
( Applause )
What agriculture is most needed in the future , however , is regulation that succeeds in preserving the volatility of the markets in certain limits .
We are holding three to one stone and it seems that the Netherlands will play on the final .
I really hope that the Commission and the Council will continue this path .
The credibility of EU policy and the future of the European Union depend exclusively on effective democracy .
There are four reasons I consider it very important and why I voted in favour of this report : 1 ) the simplification and rationalisation of procedures in order to facilitate access to funding ; 2 ) participation of small and medium-sized enterprises , which are essential for growth and employment ; 3 ) innovation in the name of a competitive industry that is capable of responding to the challenges of the market ; and 4 ) the risk financing mechanism currently provides very good results .
Furthermore , the outcome of the crisis must , of course , be reflected in the commitment to the strategy , be convincing in changing the model of growth and in the emphasis on economic , social and environmental aspects .
The phrase of the word 'enhanced ' is very important for the good result .
But we , the Commission , are ready and able to start work and make our contribution to the negotiations , as soon as the ministers decide that sufficient progress has been made .
We must also recognise that there are cultural differences which sometimes seem to be more visible .
This is ultimately calling for the same type of monetarist and neoliberal policies and criteria , tightening the real dead , which is imposed on Member States without addressing the causes of problems or alternative policies that take into account the different levels of development of the economies of individual countries .
I have the impression that we have a lot to say about the issue of Japan .
( PT ) The case of Farai Maguwu shows the brutal repression in Zimbabwe , as well as the need to extend the Kimberley Process .
Indeed , we almost have not responded .
Coastal states in the Middle East and Africa are advanced developing countries and they are vital in some of the main areas , including in this migration flows .
We will repeat what President Barroso said : we are very encouraged by the political commitment of Prime Minister Orbán to table amendments to the law if necessary .
Furthermore , recommends a safety net and promoting the involvement of small farmers .
These are the ideas I would like to ask you , before I come here with some proposals on the issue of insurance insurance .
At the informal Energy Ministers meeting on 6 and 7 September , the Presidency asked for the implementation , to be carried out , reports and discussed the first evaluations .
In order to create a common labour market for researchers , it is important to define and establish a common European model in research , as well as to introduce an integrated information system with proposals for employment and contracts with trainees in the field of research throughout the European Union .
The proposal to use this is therefore very simple and clear .
They expect us solutions , expect protection and we must respond to these expectations precisely now , not after a few months .
This proposal is very important and must be monitored by the regulatory authorities in the Member States .
There are other facts and policies that come to the forefront .
Mr President , once again , the laws we are adopting here are not being implemented in all Member States .
I will also present my considerations on this .
We are proposing extremely good measures that are fully in line with the objectives of the European Union .
I think that maintaining employment , as well as creating new prospects for employment for the youngest people , as well as those who are on the labour market , but no longer jobs , is necessarily a condition for Europeans to return their confidence to our public model .
The establishment of the European Asylum Support Office is an extremely important step towards establishing a common European asylum system , as provided for in the European Pact on asylum and Immigration and in the Stockholm Programme .
It claims that only in 2008 , 2.7 million people were contaminated .
The groups have cooperated very well and I believe that the result is good .
I insist that it is important to take into account the experience gained over the years when the old SGP has become old , and the fact that economic governance has become more democratically involving the European Parliament throughout the process of monitoring .
We will not be sorry to be sorry , but this system is quite simply unsustainable .
In my region , the most prosperous , this is considered to be a competitive competition that will have serious consequences for employment .
Women need the country 's aid to rejoin the labour market and acquire real economic independence from their own hobbies .
Indeed , one of the difficulties identified is the complexity and the burden of administrative procedures , as a result of which is the most innovative funding for researchers to be adapted to national funding and Europe becomes more cost-effective in research .
This will also be the subject of discussion by the public authorities , who are interested in the work of this agency .
These actions have brought the democratic process of content and forced a quarter of the country 's population to catch .
( PL ) Madam President , for many years , nuclear energy has been considered to be energy for the future - an environmental , efficient , environmental , environmental .
In Malaysia , more than 10 000 people suffer this form of corporal punishment each year .
I voted enthusiastically for this report because it promotes the development of so-called intelligent transport systems ; that is , the use of new technologies in the field of transport .
I must say that there is something suspicious of the fact that this report was kept while ensuring the success of the referendum in Ireland and all the votes came out , and then suddenly , the proposal that all the European Union representations in the world should give a report to Parliament 's activity and become part of a single European diplomatic body .
The epidemic can only bring more suffering and crises .
I have noted your proposals .
In this regard , I would like to highlight two issues which I consider to be vital in view of the current situation of economic crisis and the high levels of unemployment in the EU , with a view to protecting quality , decent employment and creating new opportunities for jobs under the Europe 2020 strategy .
We must prepare for this time in a responsible manner .
Madam President , I , in turn , would like to thank you for this interesting debate .
This gives us hope for the future .
The EU 2020 strategy can be different .
The vote
We agree that innovation , creativity and the drive to be better than it is a priority in the market , but we do not accept that only because someone is more and more powerful with better connections with information , and in particular special links with the government , these kinds of advantages must be applied to the market and we are very pleased that the Commission is in office to ensure that this does not happen .
Madam President , on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left , I would like to say that we consider the issue of extremely serious ; action is necessary and it is not time for the time for the most productive .
Therefore , a ski stick is needed .
Madam President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , Operation Atalanta is a successful contribution by the EU to security in the Horn of Africa and must be continued .
I think that I can now describe the situation by using a minimum language language .
Implementing measures ( Rule 88 ) : see Minutes
These ambitious tasks are : to give more thought to the opinion of European citizens , to achieve a more democratic European Union , thereby giving impetus to European integration .
One of the things that I think will be very interesting when the Commission starts to consider the future of the GSP regulation is to see whether the aspects of the regulation that relate to ratification and implementation of human rights conventions could be improved .
We therefore put forward an amendment that is trying to draw up a budget closer to the reality that I hope will also be supported by the other groups when we vote later on today .
It is regrettable that Russia is not willing to introduce effective measures to avoid the many cases where Russian authorities have violated human rights and have been condemned by the Court of Justice .
There are dozens of nations without countries that need to be mentioned , given the fact that what the founding fathers are asking for is Europe of nations , not a federalist Europe or Europe of the greatest interests .
In other words , universities are not always complying with the market needs and the young people who are complete their education .
We have been complicated and our actions must necessarily be comprehensive .
Many Member States of the European Union have expressed their willingness to help in any possible way - with technical means , by sending out advisers , preparing all the means that they can be necessary - but that is , above all , what the countries concerned need to be with the agreement in the area .
That is the other side of the coin .
However , producers have had ten years to achieve compliance .
The openness should also be a fundamental principle in the creation of the European Systemic Risk Board ( ESRB ) .
Patients also have the right to benefit from freedom of movement .
It must be strengthened by Parliament 's functions , which is an important priority for both the Commission and the European Parliament .
The years after the adoption of a provision is difficult to understand how it can be that such a few measures have been taken to implement it .
Only the market ( repair services and maintenance and maintenance services of spare parts ) would be the subject of a specific exemption regime .
As you are probably aware , some outstanding issues remained , in particular , in the field of energy and trade .
I also believe that it is important for us to examine the functioning of public procurement procedures in Parliament .
The analysis of H1N1 influenza in Europe has highlighted the main problem : the lack of independent evaluation by national and/or European competent health authorities and the subsequent inability to adapt public health measures in the best possible way and , at the very latest , in real terms , the realities of recent and epidemiological realities .
I hope that this Parliament will play a key role in ensuring that the CAP is not compatible or reduced .
If there is an increase in imports due to these talks , I believe that we will be seen as a mass exodus of this sector from farmers .
We would have to deal with speculation and a competitive devaluation among more than 20 national currencies .
We can not split our economic programme from our social agenda : there can be no economic recovery in the middle of social collapse , as there can be no social progress in economic destruction .
More than more than a migrant employment , representing a source of income and through their work within the family and society , both young and older people contribute significantly to the smooth fabric of our society and to the stabilisation of services and jobs .
This is also why the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance wants to return to the document on a new committee , not because we believe that we can not improve the situation , but because this means promoting a reform that will make it more difficult for us to make our legislative life difficult in the future .
( DE ) Mr President , I think that we are putting forward a good piece of legislation today .
The silence of all those who fought for fundamental rights and freedom of the press and the head of my generation , which does not know anything else .
Let us therefore stop taking a stop to the hateful path , let us stop courting the public opinion in Europe and Turks and , at last , putting an end to the negotiations with Turkey .
Violations of international humanitarian law is increasingly being found .
This must be dialogue on the basis of respect for international law and the territorial integrity of states .
Allow me to mention just two of the recommendations in the report .
There is therefore no doubt that the constant increase in food prices resulting from increased prices for raw materials is an increasingly pressing concern for the EU .
Furthermore , I hope that Member States will make more effective use of the various instruments currently available to combat Roma exclusion , such as a maximum of 2 % of the European Regional Development Fund resources for housing for marginalised communities or existing possibilities as part of the European Social Fund .
Mr President , if you - or my fellow Members - do not think that the Mercosur issues , which I and other colleagues have asked are unacceptable because they are not appropriate questions , I think they were not accepted because there was such item on Thursday .
What has happened is that we have heard again demands for more cooperation and greater coordination at European level and the single European sky - something that has already been mentioned - will be useful in the future .
It is something that Members of the European Parliament were not allowed to speak , but they have not been done to hear how the Commissioner is explaining and put his conclusions .
I should stress the strong position of the international community that we are restricting volatility and changes in exchange rates have adverse effects on economic and financial stability .
The Russian authorities obviously apply the laws and procedures .
The first conclusion for me is that we also continue to need a strong European common agricultural policy .
Therefore , the issues concerning supervision in this area must be resolved .
The enlargement process of the European Union continues exclusively on a geographical basis and , as I have already stated in this House , the Council will quickly grant candidate status to membership , before the countries concerned have achieved standards for quality of democracy , which will at least be a fundamental satisfactory level .
I therefore agree with the rapporteur that the agencies need to improve the transparency of the forecasts and responsibility for projects ; improve the procedure for authorising public procurement at the level of a solution for funding and a working programme ; correct the errors of recruitment and transparency in this regard , as well as to apply and comply with the Financial Regulation that are subject to .
( HU ) Mr President , the report that we have before us is perhaps the most important report in this period .
What we are currently experiencing is , Mr President , in my opinion , no monetary crisis in the Union , is not even a crisis in our common currency ; but rather a crisis of EU governance .
According to science , two degrees means that the rich countries need to reduce their CO2 emissions by 40 % .
What I would first of all like to tell you is that the Stockholm Programme really takes the form of the victims ' fate .
I voted in favour of this report .
We will work closely with the Member States and with Parliament to find a solution to raise our disaster response capacity , such as logic is very simple .
This is because of the environmental and public health reasons , due to the high levels of pollution and for energy reasons associated with the reduction in oil and growing difficulty in accessing this commodity .
Soon Sweden will have the opportunity to put them into practice during its presidency during the second half of this year .
A few years ago Lithuania was in the same situation , but it did not reach us a tenth of the most problematic point in the 16th indicator .
We must not blame .
Much has been achieved since the last Energy Efficiency Action Plan , but it is nothing to say that the objective can be achieved by 2020 .
As you know , the main objectives set out in the Europe 2020 strategy include increasing the number of jobs , better conditions for research and development , improving educational levels - the most problematic issue in the most problematic issue - and promoting social inclusion , including poverty reduction .
I am proud , in particular , that in the new European executive , Italy , in the face of Mr Tajani , will ensure continuity of merit and competence , as it was defined by one of the key portfolios , namely the industry , which is of strategic importance in managing the crisis and in the European production .
We must therefore do everything we can to ensure the competitiveness and sustainability of this sector , while at the same time losing sight of the human and environmental factors .
Waste generated every day , causing damage to the environment and a negative impact on public health and quality of life .
Albania will deal with .
Is we not expecting any more from Russia 's democratisation ?
That is exactly what is the question : if we do not put things on the basis of the whole European law and all our institutions .
I believe it would be right to get these victims apart from .
We expect to make progress on this .
However , at a time when the economic and financial crisis exacerbates social inequalities , the provision of structural funds for Member States is declining .
Thank you .
We will be very careful about respecting the basic principles of our proposal .
The Member States must integrate priorities for acquiring basic skills ( reading , however , are leaving ) in their educational programmes , before pupils specialise .
What we need is another economic and social model that is to confront capitalism .
I also believe that the number of errors or failures is relatively small - but there are still too many .
It also ensures that public authorities will always be able to adopt regulations in favour of the general interest .
They are so aware that only 12 third countries outside Europe meet all the requirements and , consequently , import beef from them alone .
I trust you , Baroness Ashton .
During his five-year term , Mr Barroso , who has ruled some EU Member States in favour of the war in Iraq , led by George Bush , has never been invited to revive the European Union or strengthen its positions with national personal interests .
After the recent earthquake in Italy , does the Commission believe that it is covered by its written reply from the year 2008 and the Commissioner 's replies made , or does he intend to take further initiatives to protect European citizens from earthquakes ?
As other horizontal air services agreements , this agreement provides for a designation clause for EU regulation , allowing all EU carriers to benefit from the right of establishment , addresses issues of safety and taxation of aviation fuel and resolving potential contradictions with EU competition provisions .
Some have set Copenhagen as an absolute storm with the most dramatic weather .
These scientific workers certainly do not need an Italian language already , since they have learned English , French and German and have everything necessary to list these patents , to the detriment of Italian products .
This year , it will be 20 years old .
Please take into account particularly the difficult situation in which farmers are experiencing and the penalising of European farmers a fair competition .
There is also a need for enhanced cooperation at parliamentary level , both with organisations such as the Parliamentary Assembly of Economic Cooperation and the WTO , and with the Swiss trade and development bank .
I did not vote in favour of the report on agriculture and international trade , as it depends on the central element of EU trade policy : free trade agreements .
Yes , Europe is the world 's largest donor of humanitarian aid - we can be proud of this and we must continue in the same spirit - but it will not , in itself , solve the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians .
Now what ?
If there is no sufficient financial resources to realise these objectives , then the initiative will remain only on paper .
In order to receive much broader support for its positions , the European Union must create mechanisms for building the ECT and start organising regular points on specific issues with all the democratic countries of other continents .
The additional investment in the procedure of the first instance will improve the smooth process of asylum .
Use of information technology for customs targets (
We have done a hard deal to do so , let us not get back !
The draft resolution of EULEX , which the European Union hopes will have an impact in Kosovo , is like more to cover this internally division than anything else .
If we , in Europe , do not succeed in being bold to restart fair requirements , then we will be very long in the midst of just where we do not want to be , namely , protectionism and repeat of the year of Europe .
The proliferation of different national systems creates a huge problem for international trains , because locomotives must or change each border or be equipped with several more sophisticated systems .
Finally , I would like to emphasise one aspect .
In 5.5 million unemployed people under 25 years , the unemployment rate among young people in the EU is almost twice higher than what is being seen among the working population in general .
I support the proposal for enhanced cooperation .
I can guarantee that there will be no opening up of public services or pressure for privatisation .
But , at the same time , I must ask you , an acceptable thing that is , and is the Council of Ministers systematically refusing to accept the rule of law and ignore the rulings of the illegitimate court ?
Madam President , the Europe 2020 strategy should help to build economic growth in a way that will , at the same time , counteract social exclusion .
I would like to ask all of us to a moment when citizens will realise that the added value of what we are doing here is real , practical benefits for them .
I therefore support the motion for the resolution on independent response mechanisms that will allow for responding immediately to crises with human rights .
Welcome
Finally , I would like to say that today , in our eyes , Mr Barrot , which is Mrs Hübner , Commissioner for Regional Policy , and as was the easiest , he will make a binding statement by the Commission on the evaluation of the new measures for 2010 in connection with the three regulations .
In addition , in order to encourage the participation of shareholders in these corporations , which is passively in numerous cases when the accompanying share of capital is too small , should be regulated by electronic votes .
The European Union 's transformation into the Middle East ( debate )
What worries me is that a double double standards is also starting to act in our institutions .
While change in the thinking of the EU is going to be able only to work to reduce the damage caused by globalisation in the countries concerned .
The problem with Kosovo is very important .
Similarly , we need to monitor the most recent situation in the Mediterranean , especially in the Italian coast , where only for four days of the land is the most horrific people .
Therefore , in the case of the Western Balkans , where such problems are even more complex , it is particularly important that they be resolved in each country .
The export of radioactive waste for third countries must be banned .
Firstly , we must support , as far as possible , governments and Commission in the initiatives that have been taken recently .
Coordination of these funds should be improved .
- Before the vote
The directive approved was a great opportunity to introduce common standards for all 27 Member States , as well as an excellent chance of simplifying EU legislation in the field of consumer rights , which is still fragmented in the form of several legislative documents .
This year , the Commission will present a recommendation on media literacy .
It is very clear that this legislation must be more rigorous and therefore I have seen me when I see Italy and the United Kingdom , in particular , impede improvements in the Council .
The transport potential that has been almost not until now been used , as well as other development opportunities , require speedy launching the whole project .
We argue that they are important to the viability of the European economy .
Mr Van Rompuy says that the ability of the European Union to achieve consensus remains more racist and that is , but unfortunately , there is a consensus on the lowest common denominator !
As a result , the healthcare sector has gradually been driven by a mixture of individual services in general .
However , Europe has not been made up of the ideal candidates .
Furthermore , I insist that long-term policy planning is needed in the field of buildings , with a view to ensuring budget sustainability .
Mr President , can I place more general question here ?
This is regrettable because the Hungarian Government and Hungary as a country , to the European Union 's Presidency , is currently experiencing .
Solidarity , where is it ?
I am disappointed at the lucrative industry - a sector that was ever more exposed to the export of industrial goods , and now almost completely laughable .
This is called the most obvious in the Union 's budgetary problems .
We voted in favour of the report on the Single Market for Europeans .
I am grateful for Parliament 's broad support for improving the proposal to streamline the procedure for issuing authorisation .
I therefore do not think it is sensible to adopt a new text with the claim that we are making new conclusions when we actually have nothing new to do to give public awareness .
This is a pretext : these are only political games that do not have any purpose and have not achieved anything .
Mr President , Baroness Ashton , I have a number of hot questions about events in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Agreement between the EC and the Bahamas on short-stay visa waiver (
We are also making efforts to ensure that rights are protected in the internal context .
The regions affected are facing a fall in economic activity , environmental degradation , the loss of agricultural produce , a reduction in the activity of many companies , a massive loss of trees , etc .
Over ten years , debates between the institutions are sufficient .
It is important to establish what happened in Greece .
The measures which are intended to limit certain rights to individuals who are targeted .
Our proposals are those of the de Larosière and not of the sadness , as Mr Barnier knows .
While the stumbling block leads us to strengthen the prevention measures before we allow the marketing of medicinal products , the serious mistake of the European Medicines Agency must be punished .
The case of Maria Lourdes Afiuni is absolutely a celebration of all those who defend democratic values .
The arrest warrants issued by the ICC is the order to present a state of Sudan 's head of crimes against humanity and war crimes .
Food and Feed ( implementing powers conferred on the Commission ) ( vote )
It is clear that greater interdependence between internal and external security .
This is the basis of the whole misunderstanding .
As regards women 's rights , freedom of religion and the treatment of suspected of crimes , the standards enshrined must also be respected throughout Turkey .
While Russia has great ambitions for cooperation in foreign and security policy , for example , there is no such ambitions at present on economic matters .
We share your view that it is crucial to ensure that the authorities can operate independently , and that they have the capacity of the Heads of Procedure , and that appropriate funding is provided to the institutions .
Their ecosystem can be increased if we finally established a Community patent , preventing in this way the abuse of the small-scale craftspeople in the production of cheap counterfeit products .
I hope that the fact that the debate on the future of cohesion policy will take place during the Presidency of my country , Poland , will help ensure that the proposals for significant reductions in this policy will not be done in practice .
Mr President , the legislative process we are starting with the Treaty of Lisbon is very serious .
The solution , after the emergency actions are being carried out , is more trade , better harmonisation , a functioning internal market of goods and particularly services .
It is imperative that it does not lose credibility , start action immediately .
In short , all Member States in future must face the risk of losing money from the EU budget in the event of continuous non-compliance with fiscal rules .
The resolution also welcomes the total commitment made by the Commission and the Member States during the International Donors ' Conference , to allocate EUR 1.2 billion to the total of EUR 1.2 billion , from which 460 million in the form of aid other than humanitarian aid from the Commission .
As far as Cyprus is concerned , Turkey must stop hiding behind what happened in 2004 .
A modern , European Serbia bears a fundamental responsibility in this regard .
The question of adaptation is a cross-cutting issue and concerns several sectoral policies .
It is true ; the Stockholm Programme explicitly points out this principle : in the last two years , 250 000 applications have been submitted , which is a large number , albeit less in the last reference year .
There is still a growing gender discrimination in the workplace , there is a deep gender segregation on the labour market , the pay gap is still a shortage of women in managerial positions and politics , insufficient support for motherhood and for single mothers .
We must recognise that such as this is now , it is not so efficient .
Moreover , the inclusion of social and environmental standards in trade agreements contributes to the regulation of globalisation .
Mr President , I welcome the vote on the EEAS , but now , after it , I believe it is important to move from the procedures and structures towards the actual implementation of the service .
Secondly , we must help the countries in the Sahel to increase the security sectors , army , police , judicial and border control systems - in each country .
What is happening in the north of the country is a tragedy that , to a large extent , remains hidden from the rest of the world , because humanitarian organisations and journalists are prevented from seeing what is happening and we must rely on the most worrying reports .
The diversification of shale gas must not be carried out without an impact study , which will present the associated risks and measures necessary to protect the local population and owners in order to environmental risks .
Moreover , the law has obliged the smallest and the retreat of the orders for smokers and the breeding of its territory in recent years .
This is a shame for the rest of the world , thereby losing credibility and missed opportunities .
The first is the situation of small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) .
However , let us not forget that the abolition or reduction of the barriers to ICT products from Japan will be beneficial to the European Union .
Therefore , every assessment of the Seventh Framework Programme ( FP7 ) of the European Research , Technological Development and Demonstration Activities must be linked to the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy and its implementation .
The situation we find ourselves shows that growth can not be continued , but rather , it is a bit tempered by the limited nature of natural resources , as well as by the limited ability of the planet to take stock of our waste .
It is even more incomprehensible that , when conservative governments , as the current Czech Presidency is discussing the revision of the Barcelona objectives and returning to the childcare of the home .
Firstly , we must create suitable conditions for women in order to actually work on these jobs , and this means adequate childcare facilities , flexible working hours and other conditions that actually enable women to take these high positions .
The image that honourable Members have expressed with different convictions about the EU 's role in the forthcoming elections and the weeks they are being followed is justified .
The exception to provide 100 % of the funding of these parties at the beginning of the financial year , not 80 % , but the funding of independent sources that parties must prove should be reduced to 10 % .
I was recently in Kazakhstan and it was obvious that they are interested in better relations with the European Union .
I very much support this system .
( Applause )
Therefore , please bear in mind that this type of large-scale disasters can not be provided - you can only react when they start to happen and you must demonstrate that you are able to organise a response in a very short time .
It is quite clear that , after the accession negotiations , Turkey has taken much more steps backwards than in the right direction .
We must not confuse the causes of the consequences and without underestimating the risk - the main cause of instability in Yemen is not terrorism .
Today , as well as , then , we are concerned about building trust and friendly relations between our nations .
Closure of the sitting
I would also like to emphasise the fact that Parliament is united in the request for an operational centre , and I am pleased that you , Madam High Representative , announced that you are prepared for the consultation of this idea .
So how could we achieve the main objectives we set ourselves in the Europe 2020 strategy when , at the same time , cutting funding in these areas ?
Furthermore , part of our neighbourhood strategy was based on the availability of stability .
The recent financial crisis has shown clearly that there are three problems in the industry : lack of competition , over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and no liability for ratings provided by CRAs .
The operational programme of the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) , which includes deregulation , liberalisation and privatisation of services , has contributed to increasing poverty for the most part of the world 's population , both in developing and in industrialised countries .
Coordination of interests in any situations will be difficult to work .
I think it is very positive that Parliament is discussing these issues and continues to monitor the situation as far as the signs are concerned are becoming specific and effective measures .
I have been reassured a little before Christmas when working at the centre prepare to mark the 10th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , Iranian officials of the security forces close the centre .
Furthermore , we will express our disappointment with the recent withdrawal of Russia from the Treaty on Energy .
The creation of rapid reaction force will allow the EU and the Member States to better coordinate their efforts and give better visibility to EU activity .
All the Member States of the European Union are therefore called for to fight unemployment , especially youth unemployment , through constructive proposals with a clear time in response to the employment and poverty problem .
Whoever wants to see things in this way , you must simply look at how the budget was implemented this year and the major problems we had with finding sufficient payment resources , even if the Solidarity Instrument , for example , which is envisaged for some of Europe 's regions .
This is a fundamental principle of democracy : respect for the rule of law and of independent institutions .
Mr President , I would like to conclude by saying that the work we have all done will allow us - of course , if Parliament adopts this package - to worry less about protecting our seas , the coastline and our fellow citizens .
As regards the chapter on public procurement contracts , Canada must provide the same access to the United States , which also provides for the United States , under their trade agreement : in other words , European businesses must have the opportunity to participate in tender in the provinces , regions and certain municipalities .
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
We will have to do this through internal legal rules , and the idea that Parliament should be involved as outlined in Article 255 on the selection of the Court of Justice is too interesting and deserves more thorough analysis .
However , there are aspects that we do not agree with , such as the alleged link between energy efficiency and the so-called Europe 2020 strategy , which provides for the creation of a single market in the field of energy , the promotion of market instruments such as the European Emissions Trading System conceals some of the benefits of energy efficiency and ignores the need to protect a strong energy sector that each Member State must encourage .
Without commitments to improve multilateral surveillance in the IMF and greater involvement of economies , different from the current members can not be given a specific success .
Our mental health policy is set out in a document entitled to change the call for action in the rapporteur 's report , and many of the calls for action in our national politics , or indeed enshrined in our legislation .
While the old region has GDP per capita equivalent to the average of the average of the 27 Member States of the European Union , for the most prosperous region , this figure is only 26 % in other words , 13 times less .
Furthermore , this Parliament supported by a cross-party majority of the partial reform of the Treaty in order to create a new instrument - an instrument that did not even have before .
Mr President , let me mention a few important issues that I have raised in connection with the activities of the Bank .
I would therefore like to be very clear .
Of course , our political sympathies are clearly different and sometimes contradictory .
As regards the scope , it must be said this .
To my answer , I would like to add that there is a very constructive debate in the Commission - in particular Mrs Reding - on the European Public Prosecutor , which is provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon .
Secondly , I would like to mention the excellent work of Islamic NGOs in favour of religious tolerance .
The Union must attach greater importance to the Eastern Partnership and , in particular , to the Black Sea region , which is particularly geopolitical importance for energy security and the diversification of energy supply routes for the Union .
It is very important now to concentrate our aid as quickly as possible .
We are obviously a priority above all of the instruments aimed at mitigating the effects of the financial and economic crisis on European citizens .
Because it makes it easier to access abortion is indicative of decline in our culture and to ease our human values .
The Geneva Agreement will not put an end to the trade war in which we are actually opposed to the United States , as at the same time when it came to the banana sector in Europe and in ACP countries , in exchange of the 2002 legal disputes by the WTO , the Commission has brought about more so much more favourable agreements with a handful of Central and prosperous countries .
I do not agree with the idea that religious leaders must be restricted in their freedom of conscience and religion in terms of homosexuality .
Each of the two initiatives is a separate focus .
I am convinced that you are right in formal terms ; you are the Chair of such clear misunderstandings for things that I have no doubt about that .
I would like to emphasise once again that if - as stated in the Treaty of Lisbon - we are aiming to discuss new own resources for Europe , this will not only be an additional tax for European citizens , but will also mean that the gross domestic product payments are reduced by the same size .
Tibet and , in particular , the expulsion of monks and nuns (
We have a directive that clearly can not be implemented , but what is Parliament 's reaction ?
As in the United States , for example , they are not a burden on the social system , but in some countries , they must leave the territory of their employment contract , by providing even greater equality of the local population , they represent an increasingly large burden for countries with traditional well-developed social systems if they remain permanently in the country , after losing work , and if they have led members of their family , all of them must also be done .
The issue of agricultural quality policy has found a credible and unanimous response from the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development to the European Parliament , thus making the existing legislation more fully available .
Commissioner , this crisis was not caused by any natural disaster , a tsunami or another event , but by a series of bad solutions and a whole failed agricultural policy .
This is a step forward to the gradual decommissioning of nuclear power , which we are approving .
The measures they plan - support for job search , training and retraining , are designed to make small businesses , support for the renovation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
However , I would like to thank the High Representative once again , because I received information that she also wants to say something on this matter and that it considers this to be a fundamental obligation and a need , and also a statement of commitment to taking on what , although not a component of the Staff Regulations , will reassure us and those who find it extremely important when it comes to the future work of the External Action Service .
With regard to the implementation of this directive , I am concerned that the points of single contact which must facilitate entrepreneurs by providing information about the conditions for business purposes in a given country , as well as in other Member States , operate only in 14 countries at the moment .
This is a very important issue .
The deadline in which Member States should transpose these directives into their legislation is two years .
It is too irresponsible to keep the flexibility of the budget during the crisis .
I hope that this will be the second half of the year .
Parliament has reached a compromise with a great deal of effort , which I hope will be supported tomorrow .
We are only here on the four days of a month .
The allegations that the Caribbean countries have been forced to sign up to the agreement are not true .
Documents received : see Minutes
Brazil , with which negotiations have recently been held , is also such an example .
More than 1 200 bilateral investment agreements concluded by Member States in different , often contrasting legal regimes must be fully placed under the protection of the European Union without violating the rights of the parties concerned .
I hope that the Commission will come forward with proposals on this .
Just as in those times , a group of Brussels , the French bureaucrats , have fallen us with talk about how much success it has been achieved .
It should also provide access to intelligent systems developed in aid to citizens seeking a way to resolve legal problems , use large registers , lists of persons employed in the justice system , or merely seek a more detailed approach to each Member State 's legal system .
In fact , they are a useful tool to help make decisions in the businesses and in the private sector .
The obligation to protect the most important legal acts in our most important - in the Treaty and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights , which refers to the Treaty .
In general , this is true , so it is now , when , in short , we must be like fire-fighters and a fire that threatens the financial stability of Europe today .
In fact , our decision is based on the Court of Auditors ' concerns , which came up with a view to the substantive and regularity of the European Police College 's budget , because of the fact that procurement procedures are not in line with the provisions of the Financial Regulation , I support the request of the Agency for the Insurance Supervisory Authority to inform the discharge authority by 30 June 2011 for the actions taken and the improvements made in connection with all the outstanding issues that have arisen during the procedure .
Providing European consumers to know all aspects of a product increase their knowledge and increases their protection .
Mr President , I welcome many of the EU 2020 strategy objectives as the focus on growth , which is conducive to innovative businesses , on sustainable growth and achieving high employment .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgets . - ( DE ) Mr President , I would like to congratulate the Commission on this communication presented to the principle of openness , as we have reminded before .
The recent Commission decisions on the constant reduction in expenditure will have painful consequences for public health and the rights of insurance and pensions , which , together with the request for higher taxes , will drastically reduce the standard of living for ordinary people .
I therefore propose my support and support for the Czech Presidency for the initiative presented by this Parliament , and I look forward to working together with greater social awareness and recognition .
However , we have also brought some incidents that cause our concern .
It is equally important to increase the lending of the European Employment Service .
The sexual orientation was part of the elements proposed by the Commission and we have made it very important , but you must also be aware of the Commission , as the Commission is aware of the fact that in some ACP countries , it is prohibited with a law .
The fight and the brave work to combat HIV/AIDS in Nelson Mandela means that it continues to be credible for millions of people worldwide .
( FR ) Mr President , I must say that the sugar agreement , as agreed during the trialogue , has been negotiated with the proposal we made in the Committee on Regional Development and the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , and I deeply regret this .
At present , it does not take into account the various needs of women and their economic and social conditions .
However , we must recognise that this new step does not reduce the existing powers of the Union and its institutions .
This factor is an important legal aspect that separates EPAs from previous trade preferences , which were implemented under the Cotonou Convention and which were detrimental to trade between ACP countries and the EU , and has resulted in considerable uncertainty .
The Commission continues to monitor closely the closure of the DTP 's trial , currently serving the Constitutional Court .
Another point that is on the agenda for the various G20 summits is the reform of international financial institutions , as has already been mentioned by Mrs Malmström .
It strengthens the divide that is so specific for Europe and which is already too expensive .
As you know , at the summit that took place later in December , in the French Presidency , the Heads of State or Government unanimously agreed on the Small Business Act .
The Member States will not allow us to do this .
The European Council , whose meeting took place on 25 and 26 March 2010 , for the first time defined as one of the EU 's objectives , 20 % increase in energy efficiency by 2020 .
Repeal of directives on metrology ( debate )
This has to be a political and social soul , not only economic .
Following the Conference of donors in July , the World Bank has created a trust fund with several quarters of the social sector , including education .
The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea has been classified for many years as the country with the worst breaches of human rights .
The Kenyan Government denies the existence of political prisoners and unfortunately does not allow international checks on human rights to be allowed to be held illegally .
The reality is that we are not the case .
What is the link between the ceiling and own resources ?
On the other agenda , the funds reach an index for 1 while the micro-credit scoreboard can be reached 5 .
I will vote against .
This has become possible through public , national and European aid .
Written declarations included in the register ( Rule 116 ) : see Minutes
We will now see whether Member States have succeeded in using the appropriations in a period .
This amendment seeks to prevent , on the part of the mass media , the promotion of sexual links or other forms of the criminal behaviour which are not enshrined in the constitution or in the civil code , not least because of the impact that the mass information is on the streets and the mental development of children .
In sub-Saharan Africa , these rights exist in very specific and uncertain conditions , and I therefore wish to emphasise that the European Union needs to adopt a responsible and humane approach in the field of healthcare .
I am convinced that the implementation of this recommendation will continue to be the traditional division of female and female employment .
I can not fail to emphasise the strategic importance of good relations with Latin America .
Mr Monks said that she has not managed to prevent the crisis because nobody knew who is responsible .
It is important for a solution for the financial system that deserves to be examined , and what is called a Tobin tax .
All issues must be put to discussion , including Jerusalem as the future capital of two countries .
We need a common agricultural policy , because Europe 's agricultural community must ensure food security and take on the path of sustainability .
The Commission therefore firmly believes that the living and a strong parliamentary dimension strengthens the democratic legitimacy of the partnership .
I firmly believe that cooperation must be strengthened , and this also means finding new forms of cooperation .
Finally , the EU 's commitment to open trade goes hand in hand with its commitment to sustainable development , which is a comprehensive objective of EU policy , including in the context of the various initiatives of trade policy .
On the other hand , Commissioner Wallström , which has been very kindly visited Ireland on several occasions , will be characterised by a strong pro-European opinion , which I believe exists in all Member States , of people who are isolated from the heart of the European Union .
The aim of this proposal is to continue the operation of the transitional regime for an additional period of 18 months , that is to say , by 1 January 2013 , with the aim of setting up a new set of technical measures within the current reform of the common fisheries policy , which must be presented by the Commission in 2011 .
However , this plan must not distract the European Union 's attention from the Eastern Partnership .
The question is how should the consumer protection be organised and its improvement be improved ?
This problem has different repercussions in the various European countries .
Anything else is of great value and very good , but secondary .
We are also still awaiting the promised border values for noise , a toy which is harmful to health .
It is sad that Turkey wants to join the European Union , because it will lend our hands in the hope that they will be able to get money collected by European taxpayers , in the form of subsidies and that the possibility of freeing themselves from becoming an unnecessary mines and the Tamil population , with it being made in western countries such as Britain , where it or will work against low wages or will benefit the services of the welfare system .
We are in an unacceptable situation because a country is taking a stand in its international relations against one of its own citizens .
Other forums have therefore started with proposals for greater retention - also to 5 % .
I would not dare to do so , but if we will set an example , and if we are proposing ideas between Parliament and the Commission on how we can see to restore new growth and innovative approaches in the new economy , then the Member States must also take responsibility and take such action .
To physical violence during the course of clashes in the best way , it can be regrettable and it only confirms the urgent need for external support for peaceful transition to democracy .
In view of achieving the Millennium Development Goals , I believe it is vital to take action to help developing countries cope with climate change .
Unfortunately , we can no longer complain that the state pension ( first pillar ) will be sufficient to secure a standard of living for which workers are being penalised .
Congratulations .
Furthermore , the central bank reports show that lending to small and medium-sized enterprises in the UK has actually been declined in recent months and that credit is expected to be generated over the next few months .
Let us remember that we are talking about refugees who often face intolerance in countries where they are adopted and living conditions can sometimes become tragic if they are not resolved quickly .
This is a report of great importance , which encourages Member States to pay particular attention to youth employment .
That is the reality .
The ethnic parts of the Korean Peninsula have become a huge sponsor , which is closed down millions of dead , which , in the most repressive administration of their regime , can only dream of free life .
Unfortunately , neither the Commission nor the Members of the European Parliament propose that Member States will be able to cut taxes or serious adjustments that may result in transparency of tax jurisdictions .
There is a risk that the European Semester will prove the most bureaucratic initiative .
The Bulgarian Government has been transmitted to a list of persons and prisoners whose situation is particularly concerned .
We must achieve them at the same time and assure you that this will happen .
I also believe that the European Union has an important role in this process .
The joint motion for a resolution was only adopted by a small positive addition ( encouraging industrial redevelopment in areas where the use of cyanide in mining is prohibited ) .
What will happen if there are no alternatives ?
Sakharov Prize ( announcement of the Staff 2 )
Everybody knows that the number of lorries involved in heavy road accidents is disproportionately high .
( ES ) Mr President , the report on competition policy for 2008 for the first time includes a chapter on cartels and consumers .
It is necessary to check whether Union funds are being well used , whether these institutions are meeting the objectives outlined for them , or whether any resources are being wasted .
In view of the earmarking of the compensatory allowance , I voted in favour of this report .
I share this view , but I can not agree with the rest .
Finally , the new agreement with the Republic of Moldova should be an association agreement , as with other countries under the European Neighbourhood Policy .
( PL ) Madam President , Commissioner , in May , the European Parliament adopted a resolution on the simplification of the common agricultural policy .
Energy links , motorways , which will link installations in southern Mediterranean ports with European and Mediterranean solar energy plan are areas with significant potential in terms of investment , job creation and development of trade relations .
At the same time , it is worth noting the growing number of illegal international adoptions involving third countries that do not meet the conditions established by the Hague Convention .
It is clear that imposing the legal obligations more difficult in many times and complicated chains of interrelated companies .
On the other hand , we believe that the European Banking Authority and the ECB can not guarantee the EIB 's regulatory supervision , but of course we will not exclude the possibility of financing other types of arrangements on the basis of a voluntary approach from the EIB with other bodies .
The mission must be suspended immediately and overturned against foreign journalists , workers from NGOs and Iranian officials of foreign embassies in Tehran .
Control by the European Parliament on the finances of the Council is far from being transparent .
We simply can not ignore the obvious and important socio-economic fragility that play a role here , nor the enormous differences in the development phase of production systems between the countries of the north and south of the Mediterranean .
Thank you , Commissioner , for the key declarations you have made in the area of data protection and universal service , which will enable us to work with you to make progress in these extremely important areas .
We therefore need to find a new balance between privacy , citizens ' freedom and security , which is also a fundamental right to citizens who represent in this House .
Both must be removed .
Finally , what role has the European Parliament maintained for the whole process , when the Europe 2020 strategy has been a project which has been drafted exclusively by the Council and the Commission ?
The Commission must also present to the European Parliament and of the Council before renegotiation of the agreement , a full report on its application and facilitate Parliament 's participation as observers in the Joint Committee meetings .
However , I will point out very clearly that there is another aspect that we should discuss very seriously , namely that even resolve one 's data protection problems remains the question of whether the principle under which millions of people 's banking data are sent for the purposes of prevention , in practice contributes to the fight against terrorism .
The resumption of negotiations with Mercosur , committed single-handedly by the European Commission , has nothing to do to do with European agriculture , which is in an unprecedented crisis .
( IT ) Mr President , High Representative , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that the discussion and debate in this House seriously reinforces the actions in view of the May summit .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , thank the Council for his comments and I would like to thank and wish to wish a good hour of the new Commissioner - which makes his work today in this House - in the work we are preparing to do .
The CAP must take responsibility for how EU money is spent , focusing only on the poorest land of land , and in the case of the livestock sector - only for animals that are in the year in payments .
New discoveries on the link between harmful use of alcohol , social development and the spread of infectious diseases such as HIV/AIDS and TB , an important relationship which deserves to be taken into account .
Finally , the first phase of this oral report on the Ombudsman 's annual report , we expect constructive activities with the European Parliament to continue in the same way to promote the institution 's activities as a model of good governance for national administrative authorities and to continue to operate as a communication link between European institutions and the citizens of Europe .
Agreement between the EC and the Malaysian Government on certain aspects of air services ( vote )
I therefore ask for at least in this case not to contribute to creating additional burdens in the legal and economic environment in the European Union .
Who would put into question the 1956 events , 1989 or from the autumn 2006 ?
Why were you not informed ?
( DE ) We are proposing in paragraph 105 to flow the following :
As far as the delay , rights are concerned , you are : there is a lack of delay .
I would like to remind you that creating a unitary patent will bring benefits to the users of the patent system in Europe and , in particular , allow small and medium-sized enterprises , which are often neglected , to improve their competitiveness through better access to protection through the patent , as well as reducing costs .
This will depend on the Irish electorate , but I will be very disappointed if they are to put pressure .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
It is important to understand the past and the causes of the crisis , and I believe that the Union has set its homework , but today the focus must be on the future .
We will be going to grow up and we also need to make savings .
This is a good opportunity to lay the foundations .
The local elections last year took relatively smoothly in Iraq .
I believe that all the countries wishing to join and countries must exploit democratic institutions to strengthen them and not undermine them .
This is more than a quarter of all Schengen visas issued in the world .
These proposals must be supported in combination with innovative measures which will help reduce the material losses caused by flooding .
We in Slovenia have to vote on it on a referendum that will take place on 6 June this year .
We hope that this does not mean that Europe is being burdened with an additional financial responsibility that would be plundered by every budget .
Moreover , this resolution encourages Russia , as a member of the Council of Europe , to commit itself to fully respecting European standards in the area of democracy , human rights and the rule of law .
There are available weapons of genetically modified soya , which could help to secure the necessary protein , such as Polish , Polish and Polish Ocean , the Renaissance , the substitute , not to mention the most dangerous and frightening , which could significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
However , I believe that in the context of restrictions imposed in the EU is also important for MEPs to reduce their costs .
There are specific examples and the Council refer to some of them .
The question is : what growth is we in mind in a century where the whole global system is changing ?
The report proposes a wide dialogue , which is the difference and independence of many associations , and will help civil participation in the political process to address the serious challenges it has set up at both national and European level .
It is for this reason that I decided to support the rapporteur on this issue and vote in favour of this report .
The lack of a common immigration policy that is worthy and conforms to the values that Europe claims to be arguing that it is a risk of strengthening the planned review of Article 13 issues with the repression and persecution of illegal immigrants .
Worse still : the Treaties are now providing that whatever it is happening , everything will be subject to other commitments or restrictions on even more , perhaps a global , global , scale : NATO , the UN and one knows what is even more .
I therefore stand behind the efforts of Member States to support freedom of association and collective bargaining , to remove forced and compulsory labour , to put an end to discrimination linked to the workplace and to the elimination of child labour .
We also need appropriate legislative solutions to ensure that religious pluralism is brought into line with European standards .
The sustainability and competitiveness of the sector must be balanced .
These are only a few examples and explanations of general amendments , which I call on you to support .
I apologise for not having answered the question of Camp Ashraf .
Before the vote :
Last week , Parliament proposed a compromise at the last minute .
The victims are unfairly forgotten , and it is paradoxical that the perpetrators often have much more rights and that they are talking about the rights of the perpetrators than about the rights of the victims .
It is important to ensure at least that these money will not go to the US .
Thus , we have responded to the answers and avoiding no legislative and moral obligations , are signs of a person who are treated in a personal name .
The parameters that must be achieved in Copenhagen will have to be based on the principle of shared responsibility , but also on the most effective responsibility of the European Union .
In 2008 , the European Commission recognised that these languages constitute an important link between people and countries of different regions in the world .
By helping the banana sector in these countries , we are helping them to develop the economy , create jobs and fighting poverty .
I therefore call on the Commission to ensure that in all our future action , the individual features of each country will be taken into account , things that are actually working well and are of key importance to pension systems in the Member States .
I believe that in 2010 , special attention should be paid to training programmes for young entrepreneurs and support in the launch of their own businesses .
Not after long time , there is also room for other minors to be executed in Iran .
To this end , it has been prejudging the implementation of the 'business and the 'false ' policy to immigrants .
The Council is not here tonight .
However , it would be good to see such leadership and in other areas : for example , for the promotion of financial supervision at European level , for engagement with fiscal reform on a European scale or with a genuine commitment to a tax on financial transactions .
These are people who do not receive help .
In this regard , I must warn against the unfair competition that third in the world can create prerequisites .
More purchasing power should be accounted for and , certainly , purchasing power in the area of certain regions is far less than average for the country .
They voted 'no ' because they did not go in sufficient direction .
By leaving this aside , I voted in favour .
You yourself said last week - for whom I thank you - during your talks with Mr Barroso , and then that if the law is incompatible with European law , you will submit it in your Parliament for the necessary changes .
The Commission is therefore convinced that an adequate process will only be coordinated within the Community , contrary to unilateral initiatives by the Member States to return border controls on internal borders .
The Day , which we have successfully rid ourselves of poverty , the Communism 's Day will disappear forever .
People are particularly concerned about their salaries , for workers ' rights and public services , as well as the right to vote on smaller countries .
Other 500 workers will lose their jobs next month , and 1 500 workers are threatened with the chain .
The High Representative must fulfil its commitment , which has already been highlighted in a number of occasions , to ensure that Member States such as Romania are currently under-represented well represented in the bodies of the Commission and the Foreign Affairs Council , which will be transferred to the EEAS , are being adequately represented in the European External Action Service .
I would like to emphasise that we must support the natural cut of greenhouse gas emissions , which helps preserve biodiversity .
Finally , we can achieve a more equal treatment between women and men , providing a system for the relevant education , because respect for women is not enough , but can not be fully defined and incorporated into the best documents if not part of our culture , our customs and upbringing .
Unfortunately , it is hardly mentioned in the need to combat the most sensitive aspect of human rights .
The EU has already laid the foundations for this through the climate and energy package agreed by the European Parliament and the Council in December 2008 .
The question of new comitology rules is a key element of the legislative process .
This was discussed in this House , and I would like to thank Parliament for its strong support for the proposed creation of the so-called intermediate regions in the next period .
But we have - and we must have - the good will to express solidarity and cooperate in solving the problem .
We can trace the origin of documents so that this will be feasible .
This report essentially concerns a practice that is somewhat self-evident in the shadow of the reports , but which , on the other hand , preserves jobs and , in my opinion , must be regulated throughout Europe .
The resolution strongly supports the negotiations initiated by the Commission to achieve a comprehensive trade agreement between the EU and Canada .
These are two areas that can help improve its energy security and have significant potential in terms of industrial development , innovation , territorial development and job creation .
However , climate protection can only succeed if it is carried out globally .
We must promote European policy , encourage migrant workers to register in the competent authorities , ensuring that this does not lead to rapid return procedures in violation of the rights of these workers .
We must increase the number of courses and apprenticeships ' apprenticeships , which are being given the opportunity to develop and improve these skills , and encourage companies to increase the number of opportunities offered to young people .
Oral explanations of vote
It is even more likely to look at how quickly and easily tens of billions of dollars to rescue banks , insurance companies , textile property and airline companies and the purchase of use of motor vehicles and how tens of millions of dollars are paid in the form of bonuses for unqualified people and the derivatives responsible for financial sharks - while also at the same time giving applications to the rich for increasing aid to the rich development is met with considerable resistance .
At the beginning of this month , I realised that the famous black ice was stunned to death in prison , because he was a more famous word , a wealth of wealth , of his compatriots .
This is contrary to the spirit of the freezing of settlements and damage efforts to create an atmosphere that can help to reach a lasting settlement of the conflict .
This opportunity should be optimise the instruments already available that will become more effective and visible , and the aim is to enable closer cooperation , to mobilise all the necessary resources to be mobilised immediately .
It is not possible to introduce higher standards like no money , with all costs transferred to the authorities that should introduce standards .
We have also enhanced interinstitutional cooperation with regard to the budget and financial perspectives ; 3 .
As I mentioned , the way to this end was not entirely a happy with the bathwater , because despite our most ambitious common goal , the initial sticking attitude of the Council .
The European foreign policy must help to unblock the situation .
The definition 'climate underdeveloped countries ' , the UN 's most founded on the level of income per capita , and takes account of human capital and economic development problems .
On the rules of origin , negotiations with South Korea have led to a number of changes that are in agreement with the ongoing reform process in these rules .
Romania is ready to offer the services of staff with the required work expertise in the EEAS , which is still being created .
Nowadays , there are many small civil organisations who carry out an excellent long-term work at local level .
We must endeavour to avoid overloading these SMEs with an excessive bureaucratic burden .
In practice , the European Innovation Partnerships is a tool for creating synergies between already existing European , national and regional programmes .
We must do the same , we must compensate small businesses , such as the money that is actually not like the debt countries but as credit countries .
The EU has indicated its willingness to relate to the Covenant and made , to the information , unilateral commitment to reducing the EU 's total emissions by 20 % by the 1990 levels and what the proposed proposal to move towards a 30 % reduction , if other large emission producers also agree to contribute to an equivalent share of global effort to reduce emissions .
However , I do not want to talk about the political aspects of this event , but about the fact that the new government has no one among its members or a woman .
For this reason , I am also about a realistic approach and for the maximum use of the treaty that we have .
The Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats is doing its job in full respect of this responsibility .
Similarly , by underlining inadequate funding , there is a standstill for countries that could benefit from the financial instrument for cooperation with industrialised and other countries and territories with high income , but - and I will finish , Mr President , we are unable to do differently because there is no solution to the problem of the legal basis of this instrument .
This will help to increase consumer confidence and also the interest of businesses to cross-border transactions .
Unfortunately , we are now in a position to talk about those who have been abducted and held in captivity by pirates .
The European Union Council should include this issue on the agenda of relations with the fullest question as a matter which is not being avoided .
Finally , I would like to assure you that the Commission regularly monitors the transposition and application of the directive on the static and Qualification Directive .
I am voting in favour of this report , given that the current Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and São Tomé and Príncipe is in force since 2006 and the period of validity of the protocol pending on 31 May 2011 .
So much negative energy has been generated by Germany .
The provision of new functions of Europol will only be possible through a change of legal basis by the European Parliament .
The burden on uncontrolled use of cross-border healthcare could have been a huge burden on the uncontrolled treatment .
In this case , we found a solution which I would describe as a model for example , and this decision will be used later this week in connection with another important piece of legislation .
It is essential that the emphasis placed in particular on respect for fundamental human rights to be given to the applicant , in other words suspect and , in all phases of criminal proceedings , and , at the same time , to ensure the relevant level of protection for personal data .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to express my sincere thanks to those of the European Parliament and the European Commission who have been involved in the work of the joint report .
I call on my fellow Members , those who will return to the next term : we will have to make double efforts to ensure that this Commission measure is rejected once and not just provisionally .
We currently have 1 500 cases on which we are working in cooperation through the resolution of problems , through mediation , mainly on behalf of citizens , but also on behalf of a large number of enterprises .
In our opinion , such assistance is better and more effective than direct aid , where the funds are used without a discretion right .
With regard to third and final form of the special group , which brings me to the follow-up .
At the end of last year , this government adopted a new media law guaranteeing press freedom .
There are significant social issues where people who are humiliated are beyond what they need to do .
A ceasefire and opening not only of humanitarian aid corridors , but also all the controls , because what would happen if people do not have to eat and do not have trade ?
The Commission and Parliament must work hand in hand and ensure that these funds coincide with our will .
Unfortunately , the three frozen conflict in the region seriously hindering the full development of the European Neighbourhood Policy and not just that , but also the development of the countries themselves .
It is necessary to make sure that they invest a long period .
The Commission has proposed that the Council should once again address the need to set a target for reducing CO2 in the European Union from 30 % , opening up an opportunity for 40 % for industrialised countries and it proposed - and this is essential for international negotiations - Europe to provide EUR 30 billion for the climate fund for developing countries by 2020 .
I hope that the new European Microfinance Facility for Employment and Social Inclusion will give them considerable support in this regard .
I would therefore like to highlight the urgent need for Member States and their respective regions to apply for the European funds that are available .
The LIBE Commission recommends that the Council approve the accession of both parties to the Schengen area and I would like to thank all the Members for their professional work .
Within the framework of the 'more E ' plan ( democracy , dialogue , debates ) we must show citizens that the European Union and its institutions are transparent and serve the citizens .
The Court of Auditors , which is responsible for external financial control , states that following careful evaluation of the Centre 's accounting accounts , it has obtained reasonable assurance that they are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular .
However , it is often much more than that .
The Tibetan population is forbidden to do whatever is to save their own culture , identity and religion .
( The President cut off the speaker )
So using as a starting point of view our debate today , as we are preparing for the London Summit next week , I propose that we , Europe , take the central role in replacing the so-called consensus in the past , with a new and principled economic consensus at our time .
Members have not been proposed by the EU institutions , but they are elected by the citizens of the Member States .
I am particularly referring to the reduction targets of the rouble and the attack on meat and dairy products .
I support the report and its recommendations .
Russia is the third largest trading partner for the EU and has an important strategic importance for Europe 's energy supply .
Is this not meant that there is something fundamentally fundamental in the European Union ?
I voted against the interim agreement signed between the EU and the US on the processing and transfer of financial data to European citizens , not only because it is a very bad thing , given that it puts a question of compliance with the principles of necessity and proportionality , as well as the integrity and integrity and security of European financial data , but also because Parliament has not given a chance to properly exercise its prerogatives .
The strategy should make more effective coordination of objectives and means , with the EU 2020 strategy and EU policies on the post-2013 period .
Then I have my attention to Amendments 3 , 4 and 5 .
I am not sure whether I have understood all the details , but I can , of course , go into them later .
At last time , I am still saying this and I have my point of view , specifically to you , Mr President .
Thirdly , the potential consequences of postponing the return to illegal return , while this person received his remuneration .
This also includes the implementation of these requirements for existing buildings .
These policies risk adding growth even in the bud when it is only starting to bring to positive values , even though the pace with which the production capacity are growing are low .
The main progress made by this directive compared to existing legislation is that patients will be able to choose their provider of health services and will have access to information about the quality and safety of those who have been cared for .
The management of budget and management ( ECON ) as a resource management tool for the allocation of budgetary resources , the 2007-2013 Financial Framework ( debate )
Is it the fear of accepting here Guantánamo inmates , as it thinks that they will be a risk of security after their release ?
I would like to take this opportunity and to mention a new tool that must be created by the European Parliament 's aid and could be financed by means of aid to this instrument in order to provide even more effective and flexible way for people who often risk their lives in the fight for democracy , the rule of law and human rights in countries with dictatorships and in countries which are in transition to democracy , in which they are confronted with a deadly opposition to a much more direct force and need to have a chance of winning the democratic dictatorship .
Urban and urban areas therefore need special attention within cohesion policy .
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Development . - ( LT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to emphasise that the Treaty of Lisbon will give the European Union more opportunities to take the initiative in shaping development policy to improve the coordination of donors , in setting up the tasks and in more effective delivery of assistance .
( SK ) Mr President , the volume of internal market in the EU amounts to 17 % of the global market of goods , and this on the internal market of services in the EU is 28 % of the global market of services .
Sometimes , however , someone must admit - as is very much in life - when things do not work and think about alternatives .
They must explain to them what is actually a more optimistic visa and so avoid misunderstandings and other misunderstandings that could arise .
Due to the limited time , I will only mention a few more pessimistic species that we believe need a high or even higher level of protection .
The future CAP must be understandable not only for farmers , but also for taxpayers .
All these issues are well covered by this text , but we believe that there are three points that need improvement .
It is therefore imperative for Thailand to find consensus with all sides on the way forward in which to move towards a more modern society .
The burden must be transferred to the other side : Hamas , not Israel must pay for Gilad Shalit 's taking , a European for hostage .
It is outrageous that numerous appeals from the European Union and other parts of the world to improve the human rights situation are simply ignored .
Once again , our High Representative seems to be speaking a lot , but it is doing a very little .
There are many things to say about the development of dialogue between citizens and institutions in the European Union .
The Commission 's proposal aimed at preventing the issuance of visas ' .
However , let me state the obvious to African countries : you know that what is happening in Zimbabwe is wrong .
On the contrary , it will be much more complex .
According to the statistics of the International Monetary Fund in 2009 in economic terms , Taiwan occupies a global place , with its projected annual amount of USD 1 billion worth pointing out that in 1950 .
The decision that will unfortunately take on a future date can be useful to review financial instruments , as the general budget needs to be applied to the same approach .
Although Malaysia has signed a number of international conventions , including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women ( Women ) and the Convention on the Rights of the Child , it still refuses to sign other such as the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment .
It strongly supports the establishment of a common European immigration policy ' , welcomes the institutional consequences of the Treaty of Lisbon , in particular , the extension of the codecision procedure and the vote with a qualified majority voting for all immigration policies ' and the adoption of the European Pact on Immigration , in other words , a inhumane , unambiguous immigration policy which criminalises , transnational and transnational immigrants .
I would like to make two aspects .
Is it the case ?
In recent weeks , the lives of millions of Poles , Czechs , the Czechs and Hungarians have been infringed by the floods and natural disasters in Central Europe .
I hope that we will be able to start negotiations on this path soon .
Conditions are met in order for the Council to decide on Article 4 ( 2 ) of the accession Act on the abolition of internal traffic controls , land and maritime borders .
I believe that the legislative solutions that we have adopted will serve as an additional stimulus to mobilise European producers , which will realise that green technologies represent the opportunity for development .
Madam President , the Pakistani constitution makes a distinction between Muslims and the injured , which creates an opportunity for discrimination on the basis of religion .
Finally , I would like to raise the issue of prior authorisation of hospital treatment , the introduction of which is under the whole series of restrictions on Member States , although this principle allows both the financial equilibrium of health systems and a guarantee of patients about the conditions for reimbursement .
We must take advantage of the strength of these communities .
What are the key elements in this programme ?
Together with the European Parliament , the Spanish Presidency has made significant progress in the area of financial regulation .
Those who supported self-regulation in the past must now accept the brakes .
in writing . - ( DE ) We need a differentiated approach to the enlargement strategy .
The EU must define basic principles governing the forms of common cooperation with the United States for combating terrorism and the mechanisms for communicating information on the transactions of its citizens , which are being broken up for suspicious or irregular .
Croatia also reached an agreement with Slovenia ratified by Parliament relatively quickly , which demonstrates the firm determination of fulfilling the requirements .
Finally , I would like to reiterate the crucial role that the European Parliament has played in promoting the ambitious EU climate policy .
Today , we are witnessing a very important moment .
In the local press , a discussion is ongoing on a breach of passenger transport , while the amendment tabled in Parliament is actually about eliminating a single contact unit which provides transparency and guarantees fair competition .
Currently , providing sufficient quantity of safe and nutritious food is a key political priority in the European Union and in the world .
If we tackle it seriously , the Europe 2020 strategy can steer our local , national economies and European economies towards future growth sources .
The next item is the vote .
I would like to erect a slogan for this : the noise 's workload does not result in good and good news ' .
The final thing I would like to say is : do so to give your attention to the TEC the idea of a joint definition of a benchmark for comparison to energy-intensive industries .
Europe is at a crossroads .
The European Union can achieve a lot .
- ( ES ) Mr President , Mr Barroso , just one united Europe , which prioritises global growth and employment , will be able to carry out international action for economic recovery , strengthen the prevention and management of crises , improve the regulation of financial systems and support the most vulnerable countries in this first global crisis .
While trying to emerge from the crisis , we are encouraging job creation , including independent workers .
This motion for a resolution is in line with the following : it warns that the Lithuanian state is detrimental to freedom and the principle of equality and non-discrimination based on sexual orientation .
As far as my proposal is concerned , Article 186 is a regulation for a large number of products , but milk is not among them .
The Commission finally took its duties and has significantly improved the Commission 's proposal .
Irrespective of what the situation is , the most significant effect that the EU will move further towards a dangerous situation in which it will lose its competitiveness towards other countries such as the US , Japan or the countries of the tobacco .
In addition , in order to avoid scenarios where funds remain stored for excessively complex regulations and procedures , it is essential that the management and implementation of cohesion policy be simplified .
If you want to speak under catch-the-eye procedure , you will have this opportunity at the end of the debate .
This will provide an additional safeguard measure against the abuse and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
In this regard , I would like to briefly mention that we have developed the most detailed proposals in very close cooperation with the relevant industry .
Why did you tell you that ?
Furthermore , SOLVIT centres require additional resources .
This is a text that is not only introduced at European level , the principles of the Financial Stability Board agreed at the G20 in Pittsburgh in September 2009 , but goes further , by putting clear and strict boundaries of variable remuneration and , at the same time , gives freedom to manoeuvre for the credit institutions and investment companies .
From the outset , I argued that this will create uncertainty and simply bring new exemptions for release and exclusion .
Explanations of vote
This can be achieved by proposing them the leading part of the efforts to relaunch the single European market .
True difficulties here is that if we can not compete with the Chinese now , how will we compete with China with improved energy efficiency in the coming years ?
That is precisely why the first and most important aim of this directive must be to protect public health from falsified medicines .
( RO ) Madam President , President of the Commission , strengthening energy security is an important item from your programme .
The strategic energy plan is intended to contribute to this objective .
It represents an alternative to providing care in homes for children 's accommodation , the adoption or resolution of the problems in their biological families .
If you act at European level with the same energy and determination , we will also push Europe into modernisation .
The fishing fleet is very dependent on the price of oil .
I believe it is important to support European SMEs , as well as the complete liberalisation of people 's movement , goods and services , to use the greatest level of work of the Single Market .
For this reason , please call on the Commission to rectify this illegal situation .
Bosnia and Herzegovina needs to make significant changes in its internal structures and in decision-making procedures .
The report also highlights the concern of the impact of judicial decisions on the labour market in Europe .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , 2010 is the year of biodiversity and through this regulation , a significant provision will be set out in which measures contain climate change and biodiversity conservation measures will be introduced .
This agreement must meet three conditions : keep global warming below 2° Celsius , covering all countries and adapt future efforts to higher levels of ambition according to the accumulation of new knowledge .
I would also like to praise President Calderón 's work . He also deserves our support in the fight against cybercrime .
It is also possible to prove that Europe can be leader in this area .
Europe 2020 is a project for growth and employment - we need concrete projects , we need instruments , we need procedures , we need solutions to be able to be successful .
There are provisions of support to continue in documents on the relevant programmes for the period 2007 .
We should devote equal attention to the south and East .
One of the European Union 's priority objectives should be to introduce a transparent , clear , effective and high quality regulatory environment .
Everyone has to play its role .
It is regrettable that the importance of trafficking in human beings is not aware of the parliaments of 16 Member States , including , I must say , my own country , and they are not necessary to ratify and adopt the Council Convention on Human trafficking in 2005 .
The proposed revision of EU legislation relates primarily to technical issues that do not have a major political impact .
The consumer spending on the private sector per capita is increasing by more than 80 % over the last decade .
Of course , we need stable European economic governance , but first we need to deal with the chaos caused by debt .
We must , of course , support democracy and the protection of human rights .
In order to emerge from the recession , we need to plan the necessary financial resources at European level and the idea of own resources should be put into practice .
In the Mediterranean countries , these new technologies are not being spread at the same rate .
I therefore call on the Commission and the Council to step up the dialogue and implementation of the specific measures as part of their relations with these countries .
This is a mechanism to recognise persons who are trying to cross the borders of the EU without travel documents , in a way that not only respects fundamental human rights , but also forces many of them to resort to even more dangerous attempts to enter the Union , often with the cost of their lives , and of course , it has increased the longing for human trafficking .
On the eve of the 20th anniversary of the International Convention for the Protection of All Migrant Workers and the members of their families adopted by the United Nations , this inhaler is totally unacceptable : the Union must finally take into account the findings of numerous studies that show that the benefits - both individual and collective economic and the economy - for the host countries and the countries of origin go hand in hand with full and efficient enforcement of migrants .
Draft amending budget No 1/2010 for the financial year 2008 (
Europeans did not want this and the people of France and the Netherlands have said 'no ' .
We have reminded us how important it is to apply our rules correctly .
( HU ) Mr President , with the accession of Romania and Bulgaria in 2007 , part of the Black Sea became an internal sea of the European Union .
This is what justifies our actions , which is what I would like to congratulate Mr Barroso on the ideas he has presented us today in this House .
The European Union must never be the victims of such behaviour .
Thousands of thousands of people died , thousands of homeless , hundreds of thousands have remained homeless , millions of homeless .
The issue of the agreements on the import regime in the EU of fishery and aquaculture products , in particular , the conditions under which products produced outside the EU are being allowed to be reduced to the market - in parallel or competition with European fisheries and aquaculture products - is essential and every analysis of these sectors of the European economy necessarily need to bear it in mind .
This last question , the most recent Guantánamo , was one of the mistakes that seriously shaking the moral authority of the United States to the world .
This measure , which applies the 'polluter pays ' principle , aims to encourage the gradual renewal of lorries who travel to our roads .
At a time when these policies must be integrated into the future .
We owe this to the taxpayers who live in the north and south of the Brenner Base Tunnel in Italy and Austria .
In 2000 , the number of employees in agencies was the most counterfeited and today he was shot .
I do not see any reason for its suspension and I hope that it will be fully justified for reasons I have said for its approval .
This is essential .
The few minutes old things have been email .
According to the report at the moment , there are 56 000 patients who are waiting for a suitable organ donor .
In cases where human rights are systematically violated , country-specific resolutions are an extremely important instrument in both UN Human Rights Council and UN General Assembly .
My question to you is as follows : can we expect a mandate for negotiating a new agreement on the transfer of recorded data before or during the summer ?
simplifying the expenditure rules ;
Young people are not only our future , they are our own people and our present .
More generally , beyond financial systems , using short-term initiatives in the pursuit of our long-term goals , we will be making a two-fold use .
All of this is , of course , the acts of legal barbarity , which are , however , measured by numbers that have been reported to us in the newspapers .
Furthermore , almost 80 % of people from minority groups live below the poverty line .
All Members of this Parliament must also be responsible for the way they vote .
This really was because of the lack of experience in a country which experienced almost half a dozen the longest period , but also those who were totally prepared to exploit these weaknesses .
Ultimately , the Solidarity Fund can point out three major achievements in its history .
In view of this , it is clear that the European Union must put pressure on the Secretary-General of the United Nations for drawing up a genuine independent evaluation .
We must exert pressure on the Commission , but preferably it , we should not do so when we are so pressurised by time .
People live quite below the poverty line .
I voted in favour of this resolution because fishing , especially in the Mediterranean , is more than just one economic activity - it is part of culture and the way of life .
It is also very annoying that , by 2010 , depression will become a modern disease in modern society .
Furthermore , I would stress the importance of the deployment of initiatives to provide appropriate information on social provisions , as well as to create suitable infrastructure and areas of medication to ensure compliance with the provisions .
If we assume that the education of a person has lasted 30 years , and 30 years old life , it means that they will be pensioners for 40 years .
Subject : Croatia , Macedonia and south-eastern Europe
This accession has imposed the introduction of border controls between Liechtenstein and Switzerland for the first time of places where there was no real border over the 20th century .
However , in order to do this and to succeed in the Union for the Mediterranean , suitable resources are needed and this time we must not treat ourselves against .
In order to present a more comprehensive picture of the development of the internal market , the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection calls for the scoreboard to be published simultaneously by the Internal Market , the SOLVIT Report , the Consumer and Consumer Markets Scoreboard .
A financial effort is also needed to create a suitable infrastructure , including a sufficient number of safe places for the radio and service of European roads , so that drivers can really comply with the rules for driving times and rest periods .
I will therefore pass the facts and support what he has said .
However , we know that this is a very serious disease with very serious financial consequences and therefore also represents a very serious social problem .
The word `` Jobs ' .
In two words , the burden would increase the British taxpayer .
I therefore support my fellow Member 's report , which supports a strong , responsible CAP , which is aimed at young farmers ; it proposes combating speculation on agricultural markets and price volatility that it causes ; and confirms that combating poverty within the EU and the world must become a priority , such as food security and access to food security .
It points out that medium-sized countries like Portugal are doing very well in such a comparisons and that greater countries such as Spain are today recognised as the organisation and best practices .
It is time to discuss this shameful issue , to face this inhumane phenomenon and to start effectively counter sexual violence in Haiti .
What I heard left my impression about an excellent principle .
The Commission was largely aware of the Commission , thanks to several Member States , which have quite dubious results of respect for human rights .
There is no great sense to be a building in order to be an incredibly energy-efficient energy efficient if it remains empty , because then the Shah has been increased dramatically .
I have already started and will continue to work , and I can confirm my commitment .
I have always been a supporter of opportunities for disabled people .
I therefore believe that this report goes out of the difficult situation and is a first , important step towards creating a strong European foreign policy determined to stand up its own role and its political importance on the international stage .
The cost of renewable energy that these countries have , is essential for their economic and social development , allowing them to move towards energy independence so that they can tackle the global crisis .
( Applause )
It is good that the resolution has been tabled , but most importantly , it is human rights to plot the pre-eminence of the economy .
We are waiting for an extraordinary interest of what you will say .
The removal of forced abortions .
Until now , disputes arising from the Euro-Mediterranean agreements relied solely on diplomatic approaches are a solution .
Nevertheless , I do not agree to link the fight against HIV issues such as abortion .
The endless Irish money in Roma settlements does not result , as the experience has shown to date .
By the way , Central Europe shows that there is still a future for the former parties - even for them , therefore , a life after the old system 's deaths .
Their aim is to facilitate the provision of services throughout Europe .
Thirdly , I also regret that the Council is not here .
To achieve this , the definition of the aim is the best way to use resources more effectively , a target that we pursue , especially if the result is a sincere and more modern smile of a woman .
The debate is closed .
We must not give them or the haste , but give them the opportunity to successfully integrate into public life and continue their careers .
In this sense , I would like to emphasise that dementia , of course , do not only affect sufferers ; they also affect people around them , such as members of families and health workers .
What you say in your resolutions is that the rights of a national state stand above the rights of individual citizens .
Firstly , this leads to greater transparency of the legal provisions of European legislation in the area of consumer protection .
We are also looking for relations with civil society and with sections of administration and will try to find common ground with the government on its responsibilities to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
The proposed procedure will streamline and speed up the process of issuing permits through a centralised assessment of food safety carried out by the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) and will ask for precise deadlines for each stage .
At this initial stage , the reduction in plenary sittings of the Joint Parliamentary Assembly would have meaning .
Despite the extent and seriousness of the consequences of mental health violations , today in the world and in Europe , there are still countries where the problem is not given sufficient attention .
We regret that not all of them were adopted , especially those that advocate instruments for regulating markets and intervention mechanisms that guarantee farmers fair prices and the right of each country to produce .
Madam President , I am not a supporter of the notion that our economic salvation lies in small reductions in the VAT on the added value , something we have seen in the UK with - quite frankly - only a minor positive effect .
Of course , we welcome Russia 's active commitment to promoting dialogue between the Presidents of Armenia and Azerbaijan in relation to the problem of Nagorno-Karabakh .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we know from our experience what is more and more radical neighbourhoods .
It was critical , but constructive support for our engagement with Turkey in an extremely important period .
This agreement will help the exchange of ideas and experience for the wellbeing of the scientific community , industry and ordinary citizens .
This may be the last moment where we have the opportunity to say it and therefore all Ukrainians must be confident that integration , cooperation with Europe and the changes in legislation are their personal responsibility .
All Members who have submitted a request to speak will be informed of whether they were elected or not .
It is just like this incredible that women are exposed to a greater risk than men ; particularly large , the risk of older women and single parents .
These proposals have been made in Parliament .
( HU ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , millions of European citizens expect us to take quick decisions .
This will also have to be included in your mandate and the outcome of your negotiations .
This will be completed by the system of protection of fundamental rights within the Union and you are perfectly aware that under the Treaty of Lisbon , this is not an opportunity but a goal .
The aim of the meeting will be to present formally the agreement reached on Greece 's loans , the financial support package to Greece , to address the plight of the country , a member of the euro area , and to reflect over the lessons that can be drawn from the situation and agreements , for the future of the euro area and the entire European Union .
However , the creation of the green paper on the reform of the common fisheries policy gives us all the opportunity to change the common fisheries policy , and I hope that colleagues will benefit from this chance in order to maximise the vast number of voters with the green book so that their voice can be heard .
The EIB has recently taken concrete steps to address the situation , particularly by putting in place its audit Committee , which has a considerable experience in banking supervision .
I have a final point to deal with one .
It must be stressed that border controls are conducted under Community law , in particular the Code of the Schengen Borders Code .
Oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see Minutes
Why is it not the time for action ?
We do not want to create a stir , but today we had the opportunity to state our position and say that the control of the press by the Italian Prime Minister is a clear abuse .
Establishing democracy , where citizens enjoy fundamental freedoms and human rights , will bring significant advantages to Georgia .
This must be seriously addressed by the policies responsible for the policies .
Transparency must also be applied in relation to the labelling of animals fed with genetically modified food .
In order to support the impact assessment , which will show the rationale behind this initiative , the Commission will propose a strengthening of EU legislation , in particular , so as to improve the checks and application of the Waste Shipment Regulation .
I promise to start by answering very briefly , as the document that the honourable Member mentioned is not a document adopted by the Commission and no authorisation for its publication , but the Commission intends to adopt this month a communication to the Council and Parliament , which will assess the benefits and costs of increasing 30 % of the target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by the coming effect .
I hope that this will not be just another strategy left behind a paper , so I would also like to point out in the report - the importance of implementation and control .
The European Investment Fund has announced that the operations that are preparing will be balanced in terms of geographical scope .
The Commission has carefully monitored developments in terms of both the markets and related markets .
However , this paragraph is possible to be subject to various interpretations .
The regulation aims to establish a common framework for passenger rights in bus and coach transport by guaranteeing them a level of protection that has already been introduced for other vehicles , such as trains and aeroplanes .
In the new text , we have made new requirements for transparency , which are of paramount importance .
We have a robust framework for cooperation through the Black Sea Synergy , which was activated some time ago , even though there are no real results .
( SK ) I am convinced that the European Union must send out a clear message to Belarus that it is ready to revise relations with the country if Belarus does not refrain from violating human rights and democratic principles and take corrective action .
This fundamental right can be openly in the European Council 's conventions and anywhere else , but not in practice .
Have you been surprised to pay for the sake of the tachograph , or perhaps you have been lobbying and the most inefficient and , ultimately , we do not have anything ?
Personally , I am always in favour of putting the safety of consumers first and foremost , and their right to information , and that is about all food .
We do not want money to exceed capital .
I voted for this report because I support the annual review of the Europe 2020 strategy , the main focus of which should be the integrated policy guidelines on employment and economic policy .
We therefore need Russia 's aid to persuade Iran not to create a nuclear bomb .
I would like to thank you , Mr Diamandouros , and I will finish by saying that , as a result of your daily work , we have specific evidence that it is possible not only to adopt these challenges , but particularly to give appropriate and satisfactory answers to citizens .
Firstly , President Obama has clearly confirmed its ambition to have a world without nuclear weapons and its commitment to actively pursue the ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Treaty ( NPT ) by the United States .
In fact , new , sustainable ways of smarter and more efficient use of resources and goods are becoming increasingly necessary .
The rules for allocating funds from the EGF have been simplified in view of the complex situation of the labour market and the increasing number of unemployed .
I believe that this will be a positive result .
The best argument against such action is the situation in the Member States that have taken it at national level .
Now it is a question of negotiating a certain agenda for the TEC , which reflects the priorities in question .
For this reason , I voted in favour of this report .
in writing . - ( PT ) The fact that various EU Member States have not yet recognised Kosovo 's independence is enough to show us that the contents of this resolution is unacceptable .
For example , it is not acceptable to more and more institutions providing public interest services to be exposed to private competition .
The Commission has , in fact , issued its guidelines for breast cancer screening and , at the moment , sought to comply with these guidelines and to introduce breast cancer screening programmes in its countries as soon as possible .
I also support the fact that a clause on the temporary suspension of the protocol in the event of breaches of human rights is envisaged in the new protocol .
This will be a major test and a challenge for Hungary .
Just as in agriculture , we are establishing high environmental standards and quality standards and animal protection for our fishermen , which naturally also affects prices .
I am interested to know what the true position of Socialists is .
I therefore believe that this own-initiative report is timely and I support it in general .
The Council believes that the use of antimicrobials could lead to insufficient application of hygiene standards .
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
I am therefore asking that this order be retained .
Mr President , I would like to thank you firstly , the shadow rapporteurs , who really have been very effective in drawing up this report , and secondly , all members of the committee secretariat , because this was a very challenging task .
We believe that economic governance , the Union 's economic government must have solid foundations .
However , it must be crystal clear that the future attitude of our Mercosur partners is certainly allowing the resumption of negotiations , but that does not , of course , guarantee their successful conclusion .
According to estimates of experts , for 10 to 15 to 15 % , the most important environmental species in the Congo Basin will disappear , in the event that the tuberculosis persists in the same way as so far , namely , in order to maximise highly polluting .
However , the fact that we should not stop raising these issues in this House .
Finally , I would like to say that I hope that the main provisions in this report will be included in the crucial reforms in the future .
This is not only good time , but also necessary to maintain the credibility of the EU and its common fisheries policy .
Accession will also strengthen the Union 's credibility by third countries , as it regularly requires respect for human rights within its bilateral relations .
He has ignored its role in introducing and placing the launch of a defective financial regulatory framework .
The reason is that this will affect the livelihoods of fishermen 's fishermen .
These networks , which facilitate the flow of information and provide support in need , are characteristic of businesses governed by men , while women are more vulnerable than this point of view .
I voted in favour of this document because there is a need to strengthen the supervision of the European market , ensuring better access to major banking services , creating a single integrated market and eliminate tax barriers and double taxation .
According to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction ( EMCDDA ) in Croatia , no study has been carried out among the population in general on illicit drug use .
We must speak openly about the subject of domestic violence and human trafficking , which is still a taboo and , of course , to introduce the principle of gender equality in the secondary school pupils .
The body of the Alliance is being irresponsible .
These conditions have already been mentioned : quality of public expenditure , sustainable development policy , employment policy , combating climate change , and it is also necessary , of course , to compensate for the deficits of previous administrations , so that the countries that we are helping can reach the necessary level .
For this reason , 9 May is perceived differently from old and new Member States , especially by the Baltic States , which have lost their independence as a country and whose dedication was deleted .
This is regulated in other directives in the negotiations on which the European Parliament has been involved in the last few years .
If you allow you , and I hope that this is possible , we will meet in the lecture .
I am aware of the most sensitive nature of this issue in Europe , as a result of experience , its footprint of people during totalitarian regimes , which are without any legal basis , who are the most vulnerable to their citizens ' privacy .
Written explanations of vote
It is obvious that the Cyprus question has its weight to the negotiations .
Agriculture is one of the most problematic issues and continues to be terribly neglected in cooperation between the European Union and the ACP countries .
The new institutional conditions have been adopted to bring forward decisions to citizens and to make it simpler , more transparent and more effective .
Migration offers a great potential for development , but also poses serious challenges both in developed and in the least developed EU Member States .
Almost 30 years , this man is expecting the implementation of its judgment after trial , the errors and gaps and with racist motivations .
I am sorry , but at least we can expect people who come from Europe , they are to comply with the rules that are complied with .
On 4 February , there will be reports that we have presented recently , of course , and the historical nature ( I think we can now call it to be historic ) a climate and energy package that we presented a few years ago during my previous Commission 's mandate .
Madam President , in this House , I would say too much too much and I regret that there are no more fellow Members who are interested in these matters .
In your pockets or spent on creating a new asylum service , which will undoubtedly strengthen the pressure on the UK ?
The report is both useful and encouraging .
We must not forget that the adopted directive deals only with patients ' rights , while the issue of free movement of health services in the European Union remains unresolved .
We are asking for a system to be established , providing full transparency and which allows us to find out which they abide by rules and which do not .
This was a very difficult issue during our debates , but finally we have succeeded in reaching a very good compromise on hazardous substances .
This is a text that , like the two previous ones , aims to determine road tolls in different countries , seeks to avoid excessive distortions so as not to interfere with competition or discrimination .
The glaring discrepancy can be seen between Romania and Germany .
It is intended to provide qualifications and retraining and skills to prepare people and help them find their jobs .
The funds and private equity companies will have to be registered in the Council in supply chains when we set out certain very high capital limits .
Everyone of us has a share of responsibility .
So when Member States talk about the financial consequences , they should understand that the quality of decision making , the decision maker is the first time and ensuring that the appeal procedure is effectively explained , where money can be saved and where we can have fair and fair solutions .
( PT ) Mr President , two years ago , when the euro was very severe , Wall Street fell by his failure and the failure to see how this could happen .
We have lost a lot of money in 2007 and we must now deal with control systems that only exist or those that operate only by the wayside .
( The sitting was suspended at 1.15 p.m. and resumed at 9.05 p.m . )
The European Commission reacted quickly to the economic and financial crisis and the measures of competition policy were effectively processed .
All of this happens under the pretext of preserving the privileges that have benefited the large groups with economic and financial interests - particularly those of the governments of the ruling - which have contributed several EU instruments , such as the Stability and Growth Pact , Economic and Monetary Union , as well as the euro .
Madam President , as a Liberal Democrat Group , I must emphasise that the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe is a group that has always supported the enlargement process , because we believe in Europe , made up of all its Member States , namely , strong , united Europe .
I assume that Mrs Georgieva 's statement would have been the same two weeks ago before the current events .
The directive is another example of Europe being put at the service of Europeans , while promoting solidarity between peoples and creating benefits for patients , especially those who suffer from rare or chronic diseases , and which can benefit from access to university graduates to the knowledge of the disease , from which they suffer .
In any case , I will continue to inform your political groups immediately , by a few hours after the end of any European Council meeting .
I would like to propose a sensible outcome of the most dramatic situation .
The security of airports can be a solution , but certainly they will not solve the problem of airport security .
Consumers and producers in the European Union must be protected and I do not think that an trade agreement with Mercosur would be more disappointing .
We are aware that neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer 's disease and Parkinson 's disease are among the greatest challenges in the area of mental health , and therefore combating these diseases must respond to three challenges : providing more specialised care for an increase in patients , improving the conditions in which many of these care is provided , which means greater support for families and carers , and providing much more resources for research , so that patients are reduced .
As far as Syria is concerned , we want it to honour its obligations and therefore respect the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the UN Convention against Torture , in fact , which Bahrain , and we call on Syria to stop its harassment policy against human rights defenders and their families and to free from prison defenders of human rights defenders , political prisoners and peace prisoners .
They have been trained to deal with exceptional conditions in flights , the safety of trade airlines are reviewed , checked and verified by regulatory authorities and airlines have the experience gained in the operation of volcanic imbalances , as their safety records show .
Given the financial crisis and the considerable decline in the number of credit lending , I support the proposal by the European Commission to set up the microfinance facility intended for the most vulnerable groups , and especially women , young and the unemployed .
As part of the defence of the interests of the EU fisheries sector , during the negotiations , the Commission also seeks to remove the barriers from our trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade potential , in order to ensure equal conditions for competition in bilateral and multilateral trade in fishery products .
However , I would like to focus again on the possibility that there is a more modern world in the United States and Europe .
That is one of the most important objectives .
Before it is done , we must examine the possibility of whether appropriate readmission agreements for asylum seekers and economic migrants could prevent abuse of the system .
Should he or she be a sign of the police or to suspend the treaty ?
We support the proposed directive .
On the basis of this interpretation , the process will be ending up in the more extreme street than is currently , which would lead to further break-up .
We are now waiting for the US and China in particular .
It is therefore harmful .
I believe that this is a very delicate proposal , and I would like to set it more precisely .
( DE ) Madam President , Japan is still under the threat of nuclear catastrophe .
Serbia is not only part of the European geography .
In Copenhagen , it came to be a stop not only to the green II , but also to the onset of one of the harshest silence over decades .
I voted in favour of the resolution on Serbia 's process and the Stabilisation and Association Agreement , because I believe that constructive approaches in regional cooperation and good neighbourly relations are a significant component of the Stabilisation and Association process and will play an important role in the process of transforming the Western Balkans into a long-term stability and sustainable development .
( Applause )
The agreement 's period is three years .
On price volatility , I called on the Commission , as part of the new CAP to provide more important role to market intervention instruments and adopt more stringent measures to limit speculation on agricultural markets .
We call on the Zimbabwe Government to implement all the necessary measures in accordance with the resolutions of the Kimberley Process for restoring the normal operation of the mine .
Our amendments are being reported on Kosovo , gender equality , minority rights , civil society , public transport , the environment and relations with Bosnia .
All the precautions we asked for by the Commission were rejected by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
Without them , there can be no economic development , jobs , stability and security for everyone .
It must be clear to those people who want to migrate that the streets of Europe are not infected with gold that Europe can not provide work , prosperity and asylum for everyone and that many of these full-time pieces of detention and deportation .
In short , it is a matter of fundamental fact that Dutch citizens will have to get away from the baby out and pay the accounts of the weak Member States , some of which joined the euro area with fraud .
Cohesion policy , for example , is not the only real instrument that will help us develop innovation and create jobs and growth .
Firstly , we , the MEPs , must also carry out the same responsibility for reporting their overall administrative costs for the sum of EUR 4 200 per month , any admission to all .
We believe that Europe should rather focus on developing the right capabilities to act in the right time and ensure the effective functioning of existing institutions , not so on the construction of additional institutions , which is expensive and unnecessary luxury .
It is also surprising that the European Council has never discussed relations between the EU and China in its entirety .
This protocol amending the Air Transport Agreement is therefore subject to Parliament 's approval until the initial agreement was concluded following consultation with Parliament .
We also set out important measures to open up product markets , such as overly regulated sectors and professions .
I must say that the motion for a resolution we have seen is quite appropriate , and we also welcome the constructive position not to vote on the agreements so far and the fact that the motion for a resolution requires a suitable mechanism for review of the agreements .
The Commission therefore strongly encourages the Member States of the euro area to take a political decision on a mechanism to ensure financial stability in the euro area as a whole - a mechanism that will be rapidly stepped up in accordance with the Treaty and the clause on ensuring liquidity and without the possibility of an automatic trigger .
I think the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion for fundamental human right , which we hope to defend through this resolution .
In the year of combating poverty , we must state that tackling poverty and the Danube is a challenge that needs to be addressed through the strategy .
Insurance allocation of deposits ( vote )
Mr President , this is a recurring debate in this House .
We can objectively say that we have done a huge amount of work and , among the results of it , we can clearly see a commitment to defending human rights and the effect of it .
Finally , I would like to address the Council , whether or not the rotating Presidency , and to tell you the ministers to the permanent Presidency , and to tell you that , with the Treaty of Lisbon , the times have changed .
There is a need to be financial stabilisation instrument for development cooperation , the resources that it has only envisaged to target emerging countries and developing countries .
They must therefore have the same status .
It proposes a combined meeting of the needs of ordinary people in line with the wealth that are produced in our country .
If the EU is to charge this tax independently , then it must be assessed by the gross contribution of the Member State in question .
With the adoption of today 's resolution , the European Parliament has once again called for the protection of small and medium-sized enterprises .
In this regard , I would like to draw the debate on derivatives .
It is now time for courageous decisions at national level to apply in the long term that are not easy to take .
Over 10 years , European Socialists are struggling in the European Parliament for a financial transaction tax .
This is also the case with the help of Georgia , which we have just voted in favour .
Unfortunately , the European Union is finding it difficult to develop a common strategy against the economic crisis .
It shows a political will , which is very important , but achieving this objective can only be done in a very technical and very tight way .
We need to act quickly to help Greece .
In this new version , the product will have to be delivered at 30 days .
Not only for ordinary citizens , students , tourists ; it also increases business opportunities and that is a very good thing .
I understand that everyone would like to take the floor , but we have five minutes for catch-the-eye procedure - for everyone at one minute - so five people can speak .
After all , I have to take a look at the necessary and important thing , and I think you have done a good job .
The word 'solidarity ' followed by the word against ' has become the greatest evil .
With a budget of nearly EUR 54 billion for the period 2007-2013 , over the years of the Seventh Framework Programme ( FP7 ) has become one of the biggest programmes for supporting research in the world and represents the main instrument of EU research policy .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Cancún conference on the road map for the very complex process .
We therefore support the proposal , just as the competent committee has been tabled , and we can already thank Commissioner Tajani for the substantial assurances that Parliament has given on this matter .
In the current situation , I am willing to fear that at European level , we are contributing to all areas to increase these differences , to this inequality , over the coming years and decades .
I can not therefore support this report with a clear conscience , which explains my vote on this issue .
However , the European Union must constantly support the people of this country and not only as statements that risk their lives every day to protest against these facts .
There must be a gradual separation of sanctions within the framework of the preventive and corrective measures of the Stability and Growth Pact .
- ( NL ) Mr President , the President of the UEFA , Michel , presented recently to the European Parliament excellent proposals to limit the flow of the flow of the traffic in Strasbourg .
( FR ) Mr President , yesterday the President quite rightly spoke of his respect for the European Community method .
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are also important to limit the grey zone on the so-called self-employment ' self-employment .
Such quotas are provided within the framework of the negotiations with Central America .
In addition to the attacks that have been attacked , the Christian faith and its acts are under pressure and in Europe itself , often under the cover of the most controversial opinion , such as a secular approach and neutrality of states and institutions .
This motion for a resolution , which I have already voted in favour of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and for which I voted again today in plenary , has a clear message from the European Parliament .
The Padania !
However , decisions are extremely politically and not technically , and I find this unacceptable .
During his drafting , we worked closely together with thousands of women and women in organisations , which is why the basis of this document is unique .
Finally , I would like to say that it is a good idea to create independent intervention forces and to the Solidarity Fund .
Most of you know that this is the leading cause of the death of women between 35 and age in the EU and our desire is the Member States , among other things , to introduce the most advanced programmes at national level and to find specialist care for breast cancer .
I would like to see rapid implementation , I would like to see swift results - and that is what , first of all , the interests of European citizens , and then the European industry .
It is also important for the European Commission to be ready to put additional pressure on .
We are building a Europe where there is no room for nationalism .
The European Union must leave the Member States to deal with ethical issues such as euthanasia and abortion .
After the victory of the Left in 2006 , the problem has disappeared .
This will give the House an excellent starting point , especially in the negotiations with the Council , because I believe that together with the Commission - and I thank the Commissioner for his clear position - Parliament will be able to create a situation tomorrow , which will ultimately lead to a successful conclusion to the negotiations with the Council .
I would like to mention , for example , the Presidency website where information is proposed for meetings , working papers and the supplementary to other sites on three languages .
Order of business : see Minutes
The conclusion and conclusion of the Fisheries Partnership Agreements meets the EU 's common objective for maintaining and preserving the fishing activities of its fleet , and especially the fishing fleet for far from the surface , which is why the adoption of this document is extremely important to achieving the common fisheries policy objectives .
We are talking about democracy .
The supervision of these can only exercise European authorities .
The only response that Parliament and the report proposes is more money , although there is no clear indication where these money is taken .
Decisions concerning certain documents : see Minutes
Furthermore , it is increasingly important to have precise and reliable databases which distinguish different peculiarities and provide a starting point for various interventions , which contribute to the treatment of each individual case in essence .
The EU proposal is good , understandable and fair .
Agreement between the EC and Serbia on stabilisation and association .
Mr President , Commissioner , our work is not over .
I am convinced that the best way to tackle the problem of proliferation is to give up nuclear energy once and for all , because its citizens are also having its dangers and , moreover , it can not be firmly felt that civilian nuclear technology will not be used for military purposes .
I hope that we will set more ambitious targets .
The situation has exacerbated their difficulties and they are incapable of fulfilling their obligations .
The father and father are the most important people for the child .
Only projects that can be financed from private sources are handled differently .
It does not accept that it is time to change the priorities in international trade and to reject free trade because of the negative impact it has on the financial , economic , food and social crisis that people are experiencing now with rising unemployment and poverty .
This is , of course , a good thing .
I am also pleased that there is security to be plans in the mining industry and I will vote accordingly .
The strategy for improving their socio-economic integration will not , in any way , undermine anti-discrimination laws , but rather would complement them .
If you were to hear that it has been dying .
Let us not forget that there are already many EU laws in the area of energy markets , and that is precisely because these laws have not been observed , the revision of this law has been imposed .
I have been reminded before a number of Members from the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy have visited California in order to understand how it invests in the hotel Valley .
( HU ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , if we want to be honest , we unfortunately have to say that credit rating agencies are essentially in line with international plutocracy undertakings .
I said in my speech that we need to see what is needed and then decide how best to achieve it .
As the majority of you know , insurance and occupational pension provision are two subjects that are very expensive , in fact , for which I am most interested in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs .
It is indeed shocking that this is happening literally in our eyes .
The broad support is the idea that cooperation between the EU and Canada should focus on financing mechanisms , as well as on supporting clean development for third countries .
Our function is to uphold democracy , human rights and freedom of expression in discussions with the Russians .
Increasing awareness of and popularity of the process was one of the major challenges adopted by almost all participants in the process .
I would like to emphasise the call in this resolution to make every effort to ensure a return to normal life and to ensure that all the necessary conditions are made , so that refugees and displaced persons ( displaced ) can return voluntarily , in safety and dignity in their homes .
The humanitarian situation today remains the most dramatic .
The Barcelona Process was launched by the Heads of State or Government at the summit for the Mediterranean , held in Paris on 13 July 2008 .
As far as the last question is concerned , this is not about all the Commissioners , unfortunately , we are not able to publish data relating to other financial resources .
I am pleased that the reports express a firm position on the need to prevent debts and deficits and were certainly drawn up in accordance with an economic philosophy that I support .
For the time since then , the Commission has done nothing .
This is a frank message that we should send out to the government and the opposition in Greece and which we in Europe need to adopt if we really want to help the country .
I am pleased to say that there are many areas in which the EU and the US are closely cooperating with a view to extending our strategic partnership and achieving results .
At the end of 2008 , the European Parliament has also committed itself to the issue of its resolution .
The solution to our energy problems can be found there .
( The President cut off the speaker )
This is achieved best if it is to have a significant financial participation .
I welcome the emphasis placed on this concept of digital literacy among young people , as they are most use digital technology and must therefore be able to do so in a safe and effective way .
We are thus making a huge success , although it is somewhat less costly than large combustion plants .
It is more important for the controversial issues to be discussed openly .
( LT ) In normal circumstances , it would be possible to offer the resident people permanent residents to participate in local council elections , but we all know too well that the majority of those who are not citizens of Latvia would hardly be described as they arrived in the country in normal circumstances .
Thank you very much , Mr President .
In fact , permits are issued to both Arabs and the Israelis and in both parts of the city , but what the Commission says now and which has been said last week is : you have to be discriminated against in East Jerusalem because , in any case , the city is a complete structure - and this can not change - and is governed by one local authority .
It is therefore important to monitor the conditions under which third-country products are produced and imported .
However , Members of this House who participated in the negotiating committee were deaf to these proposals .
On the one hand , there is strength , and on the other side , the weakness and division .
There is no importance whether or her travel for training , on work or entertainment : they should feel home and have the same rights as they have at home , where they are in Europe .
We really need a soul , fellow Members .
Many of them are citizens ' requests , but I can assure you that a number of enquiries come from very certain legal openings that are trying to obtain additional information on extremely sensitive issues in the field of competition .
I voted in favour of the report on fishing opportunities and financial resources provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe as the temporary application of the new protocol to prevent European vessels from being interrupted .
We are developing a secret and we do not know how and when they could be used .
Irrespective of their country 's situation , they simply want to go somewhere in the EU - where they think they are living in a good thing to try to try and only to be included in our social systems .
Ten resolutions have been adopted and the Declaration of the second revision of the Cotonou Agreement .
Written declarations included in the register ( Rule 123 ) : see Minutes
I would like to thank all those who have worked on the legislative package .
- Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur for accepting my proposal , which has prevented the manufacturers of computer programmes to take additional measures to block access to sites containing pornography and violence .
The only fair position we can adopt today must be : Egyptians , choose freedom , do not go !
Particular attention must also be paid to the development of the least developed areas , particularly small regions that are lagging behind at the average regional level and which must cope with far more serious shortcomings than they have developed areas .
Both countries have achieved enormous successes in the Union and we must not forget this despite the fact that both are facing difficult economic reforms today .
I therefore believe that the Commission must behave responsibly also in respect of its powers conferred on the Treaties .
The aim of this report is to give passengers in maritime transport framework a legal protection framework that is similar to the existing rail and air transport , with particular care to passengers with disabilities and reduced mobility .
General Motors does not shut down the Opel plant in Belgium because there are difficulties : it has EUR 3.4 billion profit , but this does not prevent it from cutting 2 600 jobs .
So where are we today ?
( FR ) Europe quite rightly wants to create a common policy and currency , but above all , it needs a soul ' .
Adjournment of the session
The Chilean officials and the countless Ministers , such as Karel , Karel , the Albanian Vondra , the splendid set-up and others , as well as Prime Minister Fischer has done an excellent job .
Nevertheless , we believe that it must be ensured that volunteering will not replace the actions of the Member States , as well as that it should not be used as a way of satisfying the needs that the social services are responsible .
Therefore , the commitment that the European Union intends to take over the next few years in terms of coordinating policies at European level is positive .
The Commission will also consider how Regulation ( EC ) No 1080/2006 can be improved further in the longer term , in order to support the development of stronger and genuinely transnational political parties and foundations at European level , with a view to the development of a truly European public space .
Here , there are the most liberal members of the liberal group .
Access to food is a major and major challenge for all over growing demand worldwide and food shortages for several billion people worldwide .
These actions have increased the risks associated with the loss of confidence , distortions of competition , legal uncertainty and the high level of expenditure incurred to bail out banks that are borne by taxpayers .
The reason why I did not vote for the amendments is that they have been formulated in a very obsolete way , as if the Tobin tax is due to 20 years ago .
As has been mentioned earlier , the objectives of the proposals are essential , and so it is important that they obtained a separate legal basis in Article 194 of the Treaty of Lisbon , in which they literally have spoken about in word .
The democratic legitimacy of the new service also depends on its composition .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in the debate on energy options in the European Union , one thing is certain : the most important , cheapest and cheapest energy source is energy .
In the most dangerous and inclusive walls , for example , in order to break down the wars of wars , hunger and global warming and women , the walls resulting from detention centres , the celebration of our towns to the switched off the Sinai , where even children fall under the arrest warrant on the basis of the Return Directive .
Some Member States have simply ignored the need to invest in the modernisation of their installations .
They believe that deficits are , above all , the poor intentions of these countries , as if the model that you never had experienced , did not just experienced the worst crisis since 1929 and as if we did not have pressure on the purchasing power of ordinary people and did not cause a perverse reduction in tax revenue : two problems that were first at the heart of the increase in private and public debt .
We have three people in the Commission who have the right to express their opinion , but the positions of the Commission are expressed by the President on behalf of the College and by the Commissioner .
In my opinion , it is unreasonable for MEPs to expect immunity , and we also have to bear the burden of the economic crisis .
After centuries of religious governance , and in the last century and the last century , the latter that they need to be combated is violence by the people .
This is essential to make sure that you can make the correct discretion and discuss this issue with your voters .
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
Please take this on Mr Barroso in my name .
The European Union is already working in this regard : proposals are presented to the capital adequacy and credit rating agencies by the Commission and are currently being discussed by Parliament .
In the light of these figures , I am thinking of your question : Has the Commission exceeded the consequences of these austerity policies , which you insist and which the countries that have been pursuing to exit the crisis ?
At this time , this is empty words , especially for roughly 15 million Christians living in Pakistan .
We must do everything we can to defend the single currency , the euro and to calm the markets .
Yet we will not be able to put an end to the economic crisis in Europe until we fail to mention those responsible for it .
At the Bureau 's meeting , I will try to change this provision because we can not allow a situation where Members who have listed the list of speakers will not be able to speak because another Member of this House interrupted with a question that is currently legal practice .
This is now changed .
The European Parliament 's image : Unity in diversity ' is the principle that we must be guided by the whole of its work within the European Union and beyond .
I share the concerns of most Europeans with regard to Iran 's nuclear programme and assurances of the Iranian regime that it will only be used for civilian purposes .
There were two controversial amendments in my opinion .
( Applause )
It will probably be necessary to change several generations so that this minority can adopt certain rules of jointly social coexistence .
This is a statement in the most recent interview in the de facto Declaration of 7 October 2009 .
If the Commission 's proposal was implemented in its original form , it would mean that in Denmark we would increase approximately two times the number of pesticides on the market .
However , unfortunately , we can not yet put an end to animal testing , nor are we able to say at the time when that will be possible .
The UK must ensure that dwindling gas supplies by its own national resource can not be preserved as a national resource can not allow itself to become a common resource for the EU .
The Serbs and Kosovo are a key priority for the European Union .
It is therefore essential for the European Commission - and I know , Vice-President , that you are aware of this - to present genuine solutions as soon as possible so that we can protect passengers if the airline they should travel , has filed , regardless of the way in which they have ceased their ticket .
I will not support this resolution because , despite the apparent lack of progress and contradictions with the acquis communautaire , it calls for accession , which , in my opinion , is too premature .
In recent months , the situation in Belarus has deteriorated and is now deeply concerned .
We also need to pay attention to how important fiscal policy is .
Madam President , very briefly : we have two more and the climate debate is crucial , because we are sending a signal to the Council that is beginning this evening .
We therefore decided to abstain from the final vote .
Parliament has always met this date with respect , but unfortunately it has not yet received the necessary broad attention in the European institutions and in the Member States .
This will enable us to encourage car manufacturers to use green innovations in order to ensure the competitiveness of the European car industry .
Furthermore , I would not wish to emphasise the possibility of stressing that this proposal will lead to a significant reduction in noise pollution , as reducing noise levels of tyres will create a significant improvement in the situation .
The draft new review committee tabled in plenary ( Rule of Procedure ) : see Minutes
The parties can participate if , in practice , the budget support has already been satisfactorily implemented as part of the Ninth EDF , as well as those who have proved to be a clear commitment to ensuring that the MDGs are maintained and achieved .
In the area of transport , there are no direct roads , there are no short-term solutions and this must be an opportunity - the White Paper is being drafted - to include , in fact , the measures that are designed to reduce our excessive dependence on our air transport links .
Furthermore , Member States reiterate their solidarity with those of those who are affected most of these migratory movements and reaffirm their willingness to provide necessary support to the development of the situation .
( HU ) The new Member States are now implementing the European Union 's organisation of wine from 2007 .
However , hypocrisy of this report .
Of course , the European Investigation Order must be applied carefully .
The service will be the victim if it is allowed citizens to be refused access to the Internet : a very serious issue .
Only citizens and businesses will they benefit from the advantages of the single market only after implementing this objective .
Since then , through its consistent and permanent commitment to achieving genuine autonomy for the people of the Dalai Lama , the country has proposed the world 's way in order to achieve democracy without the use of violence .
Dates of forthcoming sittings : see Minutes
They have no real responsibility in Europe .
However , I and my fellow Members from the Commission share the wish expressed in your discharge decision : we want to see soon the progress made in recent years in improving the financial management of the European budget , including strengthening the accountability and responsibility of the main stakeholders .
In my opinion , the accuracy is only 79 % , and this will create major problems for farmers throughout the UK .
In the context of a crisis , we must use the opportunity to transform and transform the labour market into obstacles to avoid negative social consequences .
in writing . - ( IT ) Information and Communication Technologies ( ICT ) are currently an integral part of the European Union 's economy and society .
We want to have the first real analysis of cohesion policy programmes for the period 2007-2013 .
When it comes to trade and energy , we are rather interdependent or , to call it in another way , each has been a necessary partner for the other .
Rights of employees , trade union rights and social protection must be given at least the same importance as - and , in fact , an advantage to - the internal market and freedom of service provision .
Body scanners must possess a safety certificate allowing them to be used in all Member States .
The main objective of the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) , set out in Article 39 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , is 'to increase agricultural productivity through support of technical progress and ensuring rational development of agricultural production and the maximum use of production factors , in particular , of the workforce ' .
It is both ;
It is extremely important to have a sufficient number of managers of funds to control the passport of management companies properly .
Measures such as financial support for people who have completed a university are essential for a more humane transition to the labour market .
The need to achieve greater air frequency has been recognised for several decades , both by actions at national and European Union level and through international conventions .
I believe that this will help greatly increase understanding , knowledge and credibility in the EU .
I , of course , refer to the Treaty of Lisbon , an important treaty whose Lisbon is a founding member of which we all have , Parliament , the Commission and the Council , can be brought closer to citizens .
This is the only way to ensure the future of small and medium-sized farms , as well as the right to produce , and the right to every state of security and independence in terms of food .
The inclusion of recreational fisheries in the fishing quota of one migrant fishing for me is unacceptable .
Although the rural beneficiaries have been hit hardest , there has never been a programme for Roma communities as part of rural development programmes .
However , with the help of the European Union comes from the responsibility of the countries themselves , which want to benefit from the institutions and the enhanced economic opportunities .
( ES ) Mr President , in the last few weeks , we have been pushed by the constant demonstrations of the Iranian people who stood up with the most corrupt hands of the arms and the heaping massacre in his self-proclaimed .
The debate is closed .
Nothing is said about how the Swedish Presidency will guarantee compliance with the so-called guarantees given to the Irish people .
However , the question of what the competence is available , as regards relations between the country and the Quartet is , of course , as fundamental , so sensitive , and must be debated in Parliament .
The high turnout in the two days of the elections was particularly flawed .
Or does favour free expression and accepting all the resulting consequences , or it does not support it .
How many times we have to repeat in this House that , as feed people and makes rural areas more attractive to people and keep them there , agriculture can not be wasted on economic activity like each other ?
The global financial crisis , however , means that Member States must strengthen their support for the least developed countries through public development aid and cooperation to adapt and mitigate the effects of climate change .
In fact , 93 % of the milk powder in the EU is sold on the European market and constitute a significant proportion of the revenue of farms .
It must be said that if these bonuses put the financial system at risk , they must undoubtedly be undermined .
As regards interest rates , there are several Member States that have introduced a ceiling - as a condition , it is said - which is roughly 8 to the percentage of the percentage .
They are very specific , touch on the consumption of meat and I do not think that there is room for them in this report .
( SV ) It is not necessary to give you additional details of the terrible case of Dawit Isaak .
I find that their current concerns are more justified in view of the policy of severe repression by the Chinese Government , which has been continuing for over 50 years , despite the short and , I would say , a false ceasefire during the Olympic Games .
Their other doctors are in the United States .
However , I would have made clear a statement by the Commission 's head on the head of national political level and its negative impact on the European Union - ultimately the failure of the Portuguese Government coincides with the moment when the government decided to do precisely what the stability framework demands it .
The main priorities of European agriculture , such as food security , market regulation and territorial consolidation , are being clear , as well as the consequences of budgetary budgetary terms , which must be tailored to the ambitions of the CAP .
There is another issue that I would like to touch on : I am a member of the Delegation for relations with Canada and we could also take a more strategic approach to Canada and countries with similar views in order to ensure fair development in events in the High North and especially indigenous peoples .
Do not think that the weak coordination of national economic strategies is sufficient .
There are other instruments that could be a valuable resource in the current situation .
The EU countries must ask themselves whether , in strictly European sense , some of the actions of Russia can be recognised as fully democratic .
Ladies and gentlemen , I share the concerns of Europeans about what is happening now .
However , in terms of better coherence and better lawmaking , it would be more desirable if these two proposals were added to the current asylum package .
The budget for this measure is EUR 5 million .
If the Venezuelan Government is committed to the rule of law and human rights , it must protect and respect freedom of expression and assess the extremely important contribution of criticism and openness , which is a happy to be made by the constitution .
The recent discussions that took place in Constanţa , Romania , have focused on the new fears of the Member States on the economic and social development of the Danube .
People who are using wheelchairs or dogs drivers should have free access throughout the EU .
In these last days before the vote was in the Middle East in the Palestinians .
55 % of complaints were finalised within three months .
This is even more significant in the current economic crisis .
Let us not forget that banks are not sustainable at risk .
European farmers carry out their activities , with strict health and safety criteria .
How can we provide adequate protection for the sources of information from countries that are not safe ?
I firmly believe that , in the near future , Canadian authorities will make every effort to lift visas .
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Madam President , at this late hour , the Commission probably has to deal with other things that have been raised by the report in question .
However , I would very much like to look beyond the ratification process and talk about how we should apply the Treaty of Lisbon , which is a huge step towards a political union and the establishment of a community of values .
We all need to be deeply grateful for the role that the United States plays in the world and for their role in our troubled history .
A lot of the timetable is spent , and during the time that I have spoken about this issue , two or three people could have spoken .
The more , more is opposed to what you said , the more clearly is on your speech , Mr Brown , that we are on the right track .
Mr Trichet , the length of the debate of the European Central Bank should be published by the practice of the United States , Japan and Sweden .
I particularly refer to the development of synergies between different sectoral policies that exist in the area of regional policy , as highlighted in the report .
The lack of transparency by financial intermediaries has become a specific tool for tax evasion and tax fraud and led to the grave situation we are currently experiencing .
This process will probably end in autumn this year and when the final texts are being forwarded by the negotiators , the Commission will submit them to the Council for signing and concluding the free trade agreement .
There is only state coffers .
Thirdly , we have moved to our eyes .
There are also Europeans who live there - people who want to feel that they live in a united Europe .
It is a pity that there are many examples of the populist sentiments here in this House .
The report notes that most children of immigrants in the EU are trained without having the necessary language knowledge .
As a result of this , structural difficulties and in particular the shortcomings in the management , the challenges that workers are facing are evident .
These are the concrete achievements of Cancún .
I will add another issue on this subject .
The policy instruments available must be used in a way that ensures that a strong stimulating model of growth is avoided by traditional sectoral industrial policy .
I believe that the interventions package , which contained in the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council , can be effective in preventing macroeconomic imbalances , especially in the euro area .
I consider it very important that the economic and financial crisis and the crisis of climate change have the same roots .
Is it acceptable that the EU institutions should turn to the Court of Justice in relation to the Council decision to reduce the salaries of public officials in the EU ?
We should follow good examples such as cooperation between Norway and Russia on the most advanced application of the Barents Sea .
( HU ) As we are still on the subject of relations between the European Union and Russia , I must mention today 's manifesto meeting as well .
In fact , the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg will protect fundamental rights and freedoms against EU action .
A political issue is very important .
I therefore say to you that we will try to act quickly in a situation that is currently subject to the Constitutional Court of the Czech Republic in Prague .
I would like to draw attention to two parts of the world : firstly , Central Asia .
This would also benefit both parties and ensure a continuous flow of natural gas for Europe .
Mr President , I rise to the floor to address you to Article 28 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , which anybody of the European Parliament can ask for a question to the President of Parliament and receive a reply within 30 days .
I voted in favour of this amendment and I am pleased that it was adopted .
The choice is simple : what would we prefer - growth without jobs or jobs ?
Transparency in this process is fundamental .
We , of course , share the same common European objective .
The message we must convey is that democracy can not be imposed on power and that it is unacceptable that the demonstrations should be fired by sending the army with a order to surrender without warning .
Change , as many other things , begins at home .
Therefore , we need to have a strict control system in order to prevent waste and money laundering , particularly in unstable countries , with a high level of corruption and low frequency levels .
Does she consider the transatlantic relationship more important than the issues of the Members of the European Parliament ?
According to the current current statistics , the world 's population is constantly increasing and seen that it will increase by around 40 % and will result in an increase in food demand , which is expected to double on current requirements .
How do we explain to you then this lack of vision , this casual attitude ?
There was an end to this project - no one has already been asking for it .
Of course , I love your king , Swedish freedom and economics , but please , please , that while we have a visa , we must not feel calm .
( SK ) The political conflict in Thailand has greatly evolved into serious civil unrest , resulting in the deaths of many demonstrators following intervention by the forces of the repressive apparatus .
Furthermore , the use of online tender systems must be encouraged , which will help to eliminate corruption and fraud in the public procurement system .
The industry , as any other economic sector , is increasingly competitive in global competition .
As a member of the Committee on Development , I support the opinion that if such a tax is introduced , part of revenue should be allocated to development funding .
I will only give you an example to show how this works .
In fact , it is often precisely these instruments that determine the character of the market today .
As the people say in the garden , they are the generation of no more and are absolutely right .
I welcome the fact that the Council , under the leadership of the Spanish Presidency , has already formulated its position and is able to proceed with Parliament 's discussions , which is , of course , particularly interested and legitimacy on this matter .
I really believe that the European Parliament must play a decisive role in the fight against this serious scourge .
I would like to present a case of fundamental rights .
I understand and I share it , but I want to reassure the House that we are moving forward with maximum speed .
However , this is something important here , in fact , for a matter of life and death , this issue is doubly important because my constituents are particularly preoccupied by it .
I welcome Amendment 87 , as I believe that taxpayers in every country must ensure that disabled people have sufficient financial means , so that they are considered reliable extensions of the credit market .
Kosovo can be seen as the last piece of complex Balkan political jigsaw .
Opening of the sitting
For us , technical harmonisation is also an important issue .
The European Commission has raised questions about the transparency of the codecision process and better coordination of responses .
In the past , this issue has been neglected .
In addition to the European Union 's tests , the European Union must work towards harmonising international standards at the highest level , within the G20 and the International Atomic Energy Agency , based on the objectives of the Western European Nuclear Regulators Association for new reactors .
We are not presenting Europe in this House .
The report also endorses support for SMEs , which , at the present time , have a serious need for it .
There has been a lack of transparency in several areas , and there have been clear market abuses .
They have not been sufficient to have discussions at the moment .
It will continue to go until the target is not eliminated , because if water is to stop the work of the whole pipeline .
This involves , firstly , the authorisation of sales of different brands .
We will hold the informal European Council meeting tomorrow in Brussels to prepare the EU 's common position .
However , the problem is who can restore confidence and how it can be restored .
Some of them will be a question of opinion and I would not have anticipated the Commission to intervene in such cases , but when they say frankly about the Community , will the Commission be forming a rapid alert unit for the next two or three months , thereby being able to react directly to the lies and to the European Union , or can they turn to you to factual information in order to put false false statements on the Community 's activities ?
However , differences persist in labour law and developing countries .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur for her commitment and excellent cooperation , as this is really an important subject .
The budget for 2010 is being drafted in the shadow of the financial crisis .
The two more specific questions of the treaty are the targets for reducing emissions from the various countries and how industrialised countries will contribute to financing investments in reducing climate change in developing countries .
The Belarusian policy has led to some results : now , almost half of the most powerful support relationship with the European Union .
It is even more attractive , and so that it did not happen with someone old train and that train , which is the pride of our region ; the railway line is also a new , open only a few years ago .
I can say that what is being built through this directive is a Europe of health .
Changes in this respect will promote cross-border trade .
For the citizens of these countries , the prospect of membership is too important to be dependent on resolving a bilateral dispute .
Part of the definitions have been transposed incorrectly by 15 Member States .
The Commission 's step-by-step approach is due to hope that a united Europe will not mean a violent imposition , particularly during a crisis period .
The year 2009 was a year when aid was mobilised to maintain the integrity and competitiveness of the Single Market .
The second point is a more specific confirming that the principle that the tolerable commitments made in the cohesion sector are particularly high , must be fulfilled , not as the Council proposes merely to be made redundant .
To date , the Cuban health care is more than 50 000 cases of cholera , the reconstruction of 76 health centre and hospitals and ensured medical care for many Haitians .
You are the responsibility , Mr Reinfeldt , to tell your colleagues that better ways of tackling it together with the Commission to set a single recovery plan and invest in sustainable energy and in the new economy .
For this reason , coordination between Member States must be improved and coordinated and solidarity-based response to prevention and treatment of people living with dementias , especially Alzheimer 's , as well as the support of the people of their environment .
All of our resolutions , demonstrations and bilateral negotiations between the EU and China have not resulted in an improvement in the human rights situation .
Anyone who does not meet the requirements of political correctness which is the most dangerous for the European Union , which describes the most dangerous reality within the Union , is shut down and suddenly subject to other rules .
You know that one of the fundamental values based on the European Union is respect for the rights of those belonging to minorities and the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , this is mentioned explicitly in Article 2 of the Treaty .
That is impossible .
I fully support the new initiative on Alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia .
It is carrying out a fishery activity within the framework of legal regulations , with permits issued by the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the EC and the Republic of Seychelles and the Commission on tuna in the Indian Ocean , which regulates and regulates fishing in the region .
The European Union must retain its military capabilities , keep to its military ambitions and maintain its ambition in the area of common security and defence policy ( CSDP ) as indicated in the tripartite letter drawn up by France , Germany and Poland .
The reports that are before us today and the report on the European Security Strategy , all the more surprising that the European Union can do things differently if everyone is working together to ensure that we have a fully consistent policy - which covers the CFSP , the Community dimension and , of course , the actions of the Member States .
We have not managed to do a lot to do , but thanks to our rapporteur 's work , we seem to have been given the best possible solution .
The positive points have already been mentioned , including the forthcoming improvements in public procurement legislation , and I would not like to repeat them .
In 2006 , before the renewal of the programmes , we in the European Parliament are naturally failing to live isolated and that we must try to integrate all the others to us .
( MT ) The rapporteur was right when she said that the common asylum policy must be built on the principle of solidarity .
The fact that this is scarce public resource , and its diesel magnitude is the case that justifies our intervention as legislators of the European Union , but we should not formulate this process as a contradiction between the various ways of using that we can set out for the most mobile bands .
After the fall of the coral of the coral Muslim Democratic Republic of Congo , the Democratic Republic of Congo ( former Congolese and the Congo ) , the unrest in riots and the violent violence leading to the deaths of millions .
The integrity of subsidiarity and the uniformity of social public services in the EU ( debate )
We are very grateful for the advice , and I hope my colleagues and I can correct this in the forthcoming common elections .
However , it also means that Parliament must deepen its supervisory procedures in future .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
With today 's resolution , I supported the request for discharge for 2009 for the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training .
If the European Council really thinks that savings should be made , the leaders of European countries must address this issue .
Allow me to mention what happened in evacuation .
The payment of the first pillar will also make it possible to encourage farmers to adopt good farming practices and be more effective in economic and environmental terms .
The most recent example in this regard is the question of ritual slaughter .
In fact , this method of the Convention was used in drafting the Charter of Fundamental Rights and , above all , to the Constitutional Treaty .
Only a study reveals that Bulgaria 's fishermen do not even know that such an opportunity and such regulation exist .
There is no difference what sea was - an American , European or other sea .
The Balkans still , bilateral border dispute between Croatia and Slovenia , should not impede its accession to the European Union and I hope that Macedonia will soon begin negotiations .
These proposals are good , but they seem to be the people who have left a deaf ear to them because , although they do not allow such materials to enter Gaza , they do not have any hesitation in illegally off three quarters of the materials supplied to the construction industry in Israel , from the West Bank , thereby ruining the natural environment and , at the same time , the legitimate owners of the land do not receive any financial compensation .
I believe that in order to tackle this growth , we need to improve national cancer plans and conduct a much more effective information campaign directed at the people of the EU .
The European Parliament resolution on this brutal assassination is an expression of our opposition against the growing brutal linguistic integrity of religious foundations in Pakistan , but also clearly demonstrates that we will not abandon religious minorities whose rights are very often violated .
We have been informed of the regular time now .
This is already a problem .
However , the crisis in the Mediterranean shows clearly that the issue is not only about trust , but for the viability of the European Common Immigration Policy , which aims to Area of Freedom , Security and Justice , in accordance with Articles 67 to 89 from the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union .
Furthermore , with the adoption of this report , the European Parliament clearly states that there is no place for discrimination on the basis of age or gender , which is particularly important in the context of social debate on equality between women and men .
I also agree with Mrs Hedegaard that we must ensure that there are sufficient payments in the structural funds that enable us to fulfil our promises to the new Member States .
I voted in favour of the report on simplifying the implementation of the framework programmes for research .
In this regard , we must come up with really innovative solutions and ensure proper incentives through policy .
It can also be difficult , but Italians must solve it alone .
This proposal is about creating a legal framework for the introduction of intelligent transport systems ( ITS ) in Europe in the field of road transport and interfaces with the other species ( a system of global stability , the automatic system and instruments for monitoring road traffic ) .
For example , one of the positive things is that , in terms of passenger transport , we have been able to reduce the number of traffic barriers in areas close to borders where there is intensive flow of cross-border transport .
If we achieve a situation where our passports are secure and the data protection laws are respected , then the European Union will then make a decisive step forward in the interests of children and against abduction and trafficking in children .
By voting for this draft amending report , which will allow the mobilisation of the Solidarity Fund to be mobilised for the people of Madeira and the affected by storm Xynthia in France and which , of course , we supported , it is important to highlight a few things in addition to the delay in the mobilisation of funds that we have mentioned earlier .
Let us give time and do not do that in the face of a crisis .
No other substantive changes have been voted on .
However , the key competences remain at Member State level .
However , this is the case , according to the figures that have been presented to us this morning .
It is extremely important to achieve an ambitious and legally binding climate change agreement at the Copenhagen conference .
The rights of emerging economies mean that it is essential for the European Union , for its citizens and Member States to be more weighed and , hence , more effective for the erection of our causes and our interests on the world stage .
For this reason , it deserves special attention .
It is also important to take account of the various circumstances prevailing in Europe in order to ensure the survival of micro-enterprises operating in business at local level .
I believe that by Parliament , excluding meat from cloned animals from this proposal was a reasonable step , as it is not possible to devote only to a few paragraphs of such an innovative and new technology , which is the cloning of animals , although in some countries this is a common phenomenon .
Our duty in the European Parliament and in the Subcommittee on Human Rights is to remind the Council and the Commission that the results of the human rights dialogues play an important role in both summits .
At the same time , this new strategy must be laid down in the foundations of economic growth in the EU .
This is the case in countries with very large dealers , which have the capacity to distribute a few brands - for example in the United Kingdom - and this is also the case in sparsely populated areas where , from an economic perspective , it makes sense that dealers have different brands in the same trading .
Mrs Ashton has affected some details , but its replies were disappointing .
Although it is essential not to increase the pressure on national healthcare systems or to contribute to inequality in these systems , patients must have the right and freedom to seek cross-border healthcare and must be informed about the same rights .
In the course of the review of this directive , a few problems related to its implementation .
There is also something that I regret , and it is that the implementation of all these new repressive and preventative laws will take a long time .
For this reason , I sincerely believe that we need both the punishment of warnings and sanctions that my fellow Members want and from the comfort relating to infrastructure at European level .
Most importantly , we now have a directive that must ensure that everyone has the right to understand the authorities and proceedings in court and to be brought to situations similar , which is one of the fundamental preconditions for the rule of law .
On 12 August 2009 , Taiwan asked for international assistance .
This may be called 'solidarity ' between 'the poor ' or , in other words , between so-called Cohesion parties ' object to cohesion ...
Take the diseases caused by the cold .
The honest fine words in the agreement in practice do not have any foundation , and we know that well .
This encourages market participants to reduce the quantities of radioactive waste and manage them effectively .
Finally , I would like to say that many women are in the result of the efforts of society and of the work of the women 's and organisations .
We therefore need to increase our ability to avoid blanket or excessive dependency .
Support for small and medium-sized enterprises , especially in the least developed regions , is also an interest .
We are also a serious force because of our development cooperation and humanitarian aid , which we are proud of .
I therefore support the merging of the Commission delegations in third countries , the Council and the offices of the special EU representatives , as well as the creation of the EU embassies ' .
The report supports the amendment of Rule 51 of the Rules of Procedure on the procedure of joint committees .
Extending the scope of regulation , so as to cover small boats , it would have an additional burden on the operators of small boats and , in many cases , would not be possible to implement the requirements of the regulation ;
Therefore , the approval of Amendment 3 makes this resolution a clear and serious damage to the rest of the text .
For the 2011 budget , attempts have been made to make such savings .
The most important thing is that Member States reach agreement on the main issues so that the negotiations take place a regular basis .
I assume my fellow Member thinks the same .
The situation is horrific .
I would just like to highlight the following fact : the dictator has used against demonstrators and the insurgents from us arms .
Ireland will continue to make its contribution to the peace-keeping operations , whether by the UN or the European Union .
After urgent things , long-term aid must be developed , especially for the most vulnerable people and the state bodies that are not today lack any other choice except to give their rights to the US forces .
I can not understand why this body has clearly spread a budget surplus - for example , a surplus of almost EUR 27 million in 2008 , and on 31 December 2008 , has been allocated to EUR 50 million .
In this way , in relation to how to link these two elements , I think we need to consider carefully how we can help consumers most effectively , because they often have no time to go in a lawyer , but they want to find aid quickly and easily .
The problem is the possibility of using it for military and aggressive purposes .
The accident in Baia Mare , the ice 10 years ago in Romania , is seen in the same way as the Chernobyl disaster - with consequences for three countries and the devastating impact on ecosystems in the rivers affected by hundreds of kilometres away .
I congratulate the rapporteur on his double-track approach and the quality of the work carried out .
The activities of the activities must be carried out in full respect of the rule of law and of fundamental rights at EU level in the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
In fact , I believe that the status of political parties at European level could pave the way not only of the population 's involvement , but also for the creation of a genuine transnational party system , which will be vital to ensuring greater democracy in Europe .
The procedure of action is good .
It is obvious that we should not forget about the environmental impact that the new system will have to monitor tyre pressure gauges , reduce CO2 emissions .
The report contains a comprehensive list of issues that must be resolved .
Of course , this is not everything we could wish .
The French players have the feeling that they are punished by the limits for the proceedings which are consistent with European standards , making them less competitive than their direct competitors .
We have women , leaders of basic ministries , such as finance , justice , social solidarity and so on , as well as a woman in the Republic of Justice .
We want a free trade agreement between the EU and India , which contributes to promoting sustainable development , and there are clear clauses on compliance with ILO standards , smuggled on the environment and obligations on corporate social responsibility .
I am also not a spokesperson for Italy .
It brings together a number of recommendations relating to policies that are necessary to strengthen the recovery that will help Europe maintain its international competitiveness and achieve the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy .
While the United States spends the fuel race for security , we in Europe have returned or become more dependent on the development of our own strategy .
The aim of this report is to be at an early stage Parliament 's position with regard to the new financing instrument for cooperation .
It is vital that COP 17 will reach a comprehensive binding deal on combating climate change , sanctions for countries that continue to refuse to cooperate .
Is this enough to be able for the EU to build an area of influence in the region ?
It is gratifying that only a handful of rich countries have achieved the 0.7 % target of 0.7 % gross national development aid product .
The size of the European sector needs to be reduced , not to increase in the growing sector .
I call for , in this world , on astonishing changes - climate change , environmental demands , energy needs , the risk of terrorism , poverty and inequality that we need to fight , a financial crisis that we need to deal with - let us not close to protectionism that is the route towards the evil .
I call on the Commission to include the Directorate-General for Employment in the bid of the Commission in order to be able to assess what happens in Greece .
The latter must pay particular attention to both national and European level .
We will do our utmost to achieve greater harmony between Parliament and the Council , too , with regard to the questions relating to the procedure .
I therefore voted in favour of this report .
Our position would not be very good in this case .
I am thinking of a possible new initiative which will enable us to finally make progress within the framework of the World Trade Organisation .
Foreign troops are now preparing to withdraw from Iraq .
That is absolutely undemocratic and wrong .
We must clearly say that it is not the time to stop the aid that these people need , at the moment , particularly medical assistance .
In Africa , many young women and the victims are victims of war attacks and rape .
That is something that I think has been very hard to work on it .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
Of course , it is extremely important that the internal market has not been affected by unjustified and unfair competition .
This is the first time in a directive that makes a link between access to the Internet and the fundamental rights of citizens through the new version of Amendment 46 .
Judge Afiuni 's voice is a violation of its fundamental rights and a very serious threat to the independence of the judiciary .
I am too critical because the Council , as one of the Community 's main institutions , can not and should not stand out of this debate .
NATO is a major strategic partner for the European Union .
The vote on the European Refugee Fund will shed light on the need for the Member States of the European Union to fully fulfil their role in resettlement to fill the gap that exists both in terms of the number of countries involved in the programme and the capacity to adopt each country .
All repressive measures and the Belarusian authorities must be condemned and called on to stop all forms of persecution , intimidation and intimidation against civil society activists .
( ES ) Madam President , this week we heard the excellent news that more than 20 000 new types were opened at sea .
Member States , social partners and a significant part of civil society have been involved fairly poorly , and they did not share the responsibility .
At the same time , and given the assessment of these programmes , the Commission adopted reports on Ireland , Greece , Spain , France , Latvia and Malta .
Development policy makers can be found in all of our committees and we must bear this in mind .
General Motors is a company that lost their competitiveness as a result of pension costs , has demanded that the American trade unions have been demanded .
The Sahel region can be secure through improving the population 's situation .
Education is definitely an extremely important subject and we must pay greater attention to it .
Our history shows that in its development , Belarus is clearly a culturally pride in the West and the Russian tradition , in terms of religion , all forms of education and most value systems , should the European thinking that Russia is healthier .
I would like a Commission made up of competent and committed Europeans , a Commission that is ready to make full use of its right to initiative .
I would therefore like to call on you , Commissioner , to roll out the selection procedure .
The Baltic Sea Strategy is internal for the European Union .
Besides US and Canadian military , I welcome and effective deployment of groups from Slovakia and international patrol military aircraft .
More than 70 000 men and women have been involved in this period in more than 20 missions .
Any national contact office will play the role of a one-stop shop and must cooperate with other national contact points .
Coordination of procurement procedures for construction , services and security provision ( debate )
However , it is not clear whether we will still be able to apply , for example , the rapidly shift in transit zones which proved to be worth in Germany .
Of course , we can ask ourselves whether European policy in this area is sufficiently competent .
The people in many Member States , regardless of their party affiliation , believe that the flawed measures of your government , economic populism , media law and tolerance are against the extreme contrary to European norms and values .
Croatia is a country on both the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Convention of the Council of Europe on Human Rights .
We have a completely new proposal to Parliament , many different from this to the Commission and with different view from the Council .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , let me answer one aspect , namely , the issue of the name of the country and let me start by expressing my deep opposition colleagues and even rage that are suffering on this issue .
The Venezuelan Government must quickly release Judge Afiuni and end attacks on the independence of the judiciary .
I think that the answer to this question was given by Parliament , which recently entrusted me with a new mandate , and this shows that Parliament believes that it can be credible to play this policy .
I believe that this regulation should , in particular , highlight the need to prevent the unjustified and undesirable distribution of technologies and software , as the number of attacks on the use of modern technologies and software are increasing .
Your Commissioner sent us a reply , in which , among other things , he was written that the right to residence of these couples are recognised by European legislation .
Ladies and gentlemen , when there are so many protests - I beg - we will vote on paragraph 44 again .
Provided speculators are risking the stability of the single currency , such as the isolate and exercise pressure on Member States , a solution can only be achieved by adherence to solidarity at EU level .
The European Protection Order can be subject to a request for persons protected if they decide to move to another Member State or if they simply want to spend some time there .
For decades , the country has not invested its own oil revenues in sustainable development or in infrastructure development .
However , we must not be ashamed and 'yes ' to the whole of the cold .
They claim that the situation is too complicated and that there is insufficient transparency and experience , which is why they fail to take proper investment decisions .
The fact that the first leaders that Mr Lukashenko has congratulated him on his election was the Russian President , Mr Medvedev , Mr Putin , Mr Putin , Mr Putin and President of Ukraine , Mr Yanukovych , shows their understanding of democracy and the most powerful outlook that awaits Belarus in this regard .
The task of Member States , on the other hand , is indeed to put this exceptional instrument into practice .
We need a thorough debate on this issue , and not only in the European Parliament , but also in the national parliaments , such as the governing national authorities , should also be involved .
It is also important to set an example in this regard to the other countries , including developing countries .
Responsibility has , above all , been the most horrific Islamic extremists .
Personally , I do not agree with the language in paragraph 10 , where it calls on the High Representative to make every effort to implement Union accession to the swing ' .
Today , we call on the Council and the Commission and the High Representative for Foreign Affairs , to adopt clear indications of our relations with third countries in the context of the new European External Action Service .
I support this ambitious proposal , and I believe that EU efforts must be supported globally by the efforts of the large industrialised countries .
We must learn lessons and , in relation to me , there are three lessons for us .
The proposal does not take this into account .
How can we involve the regions and local authorities in order to succeed this strategy and , in particular , how can we better promote and monitor the restructuring of national budgets ?
Before the summit - has revealed 'the similarities - he sent a letter to Heads of State or Government , one of the Council 's applications stating that members of the Council are responsible for the economic strategy in their governments and that they must also answer it at EU level .
They must include a solution to the long-standing problems such as returning to internally displaced persons or the issue of protection for villages .
I can only guess the few angry with a vicious circle of the stars around the one brand paper .
I voted in favour of labelling of the country of origin and skin colour , and I welcome this legislation .
I agree with the debate on continued , but I would like to avoid disputes .
It relates , in particular , to investments in green infrastructure .
Another difficulty is the many of the rules that make each system of control .
I think it is more appropriate to use English .
I agree with the call of the European Parliament to the Commission and the Member States to further develop and consolidate initiatives which provide cancer patients with both direct support and indirect .
I believe that the conclusions in this report are extremely clear and very well explaining measures from the European Commission , which had to address this issue a long time ago , to clarify the entry into force of the entry prices , at least in relation to the section sector .
As regards the separate collection of biodegradable waste in landfill , the Commission report states that only nine countries have achieved their reduction indicators in 2006 - according to far too limited information that there is .
I find it vital to convict the recent cases in countries that are far from , but there are a Christian communities in them .
The policy of support for the European perspective for all Western Balkan countries agreed on this occasion since then has been reinforced , the last example of the Council meeting of 8 December 2008 .
I believe that the time now comes to being implemented in a very specific way .
The proposal raises the issue of victims ' contraception by giving courts no longer imposing penalties for criminal acts committed by the victims of compulsion .
Moreover , I believe that the problem of energy security is also crucial in the area of combating climate change .
Although it is good to set objectives that , incidentally , should have been more ambitious , better if there is the necessary funds .
One of the framework conditions for this feasibility study is a tax on financial transactions not distorting competition .
The success without doubt involves the detention of cartels and cartels , destroying over 23 000 hectares of cultures , from which they extract carcinogenic substances and 38 000 hectares of worship , closing over 50 illegal laboratories , producing drugs and the detention of more than 45 000 people involved in this process .
The addition to the many civilian casualties , the earthquake has also been the most prominent basis of the country , the damage caused by this natural catastrophe .
It is best to wait for the Commission 's investigation to be closed .
Despite the difficult internal situation , the Serbian Government has adopted a very constructive and responsible approach to the deployment of the EULEX mission in Kosovo .
We all know that this is not the case at all .
We can hope that the next United Nations conference on racism will not be punished by unacceptable speeches that constitute a hate speech and racism .
It is important that this should be preceded by a debate on European Parliament and the Council .
So this symbolic gesture is of paramount importance .
The situation as to be strange , in Haiti , we are the only protagonists in building road infrastructure .
Above all , however , I would like to thank Commissioner Špidla for having spoken to German , and I would like to express my sincere congratulations to Commissioner Kroes .
In recent years , 75 % of terrorist attacks have been committed to Christians .
The Spanish Presidency has been fighting over these last few months , but has not succeeded in filling the gaps and we are now finding ourselves with a new presidency , which , last Thursday , shows a lot of energy , but rather a long time has not been on the ground .
Politicians are responsible for establishing these rules and we must not avoid this task .
At the same time , we must also think about creating a truly transatlantic body between us and the United States .
In order to ensure a high level of consumer protection , as well as legal certainty for producers , we urgently need a definition of a horizontal area applicable not only to novel foods but also to materials , the same in contact with foods and the Cosmetics Directives , and the Regulation on cosmetics , as well as a regulation on the marketing authorisation of biocidal products that we are currently debating at first reading .
These are politicians that we can never trust , so , Commissioner Rehn , how do you think that Dutch taxpayers will not be wise in a terrible way ?
The costs of operations only a week would be sufficient for the proper operation of six thousand schools .
The next area is the aggregated treatment of regions which come between Objective 1 and Objective 2 .
The workforce at the time then can confidently trust from one country in another , companies can have confidence in contracts , and consumers can make sure that the product value or service is real and has been defined in a transparent way .
They must be able to measure sustainability , but above all , the assessment of the economy of this country , assess the negative change in employment data , assess the extent of innovation in small-scale fishing and assess the use of these resources .
Macro-financial assistance to Georgia (
Resettlement could also play its role in the long term when we are working to deal with the situation in North Africa , but we also have other instruments that are not used .
Despite the fact that the report looks more balanced than in its original form , it is still in line with the Commission 's Green Paper entitled 'the labour law ' and still advocates that flexibility is a basic tool for the economy .
Moreover , the problem of pollution should not be seen as part of this issue .
New measures will make it possible for European citizens and businesses to assert their rights , particularly in terms of recognition of qualifications or social benefits , as well as compensation for residence .
The role of Eurojust is also clearly defined .
Regarding the question of which the charges should collect , I believe that subsidiarity continues to be the best option , as it is ultimately paying not the Member States but the citizens .
The Multiannual Financial Framework of the EU is an opportunity to make a strategic choices for the future .
I hope that this will be achieved through investment in research .
However , there are also some other concern .
Fourthly , the so-called 'What difficulties ' have been mentioned , which shape growth at national level .
Mr President , I would like to thank everyone involved in the debate on the support that the EU has given too important work on climate negotiations .
I therefore propose that we examine whether passenger agencies and airlines , which have been possible to fly to countries with unsafe airlines or aircraft , inform passengers automatically about that , although they themselves are not , of course , in the blacklist .
I would also like to add that the economic , social and territorial cohesion policy of the European Union has recently been neglected , as regards the definition of the Union 's priorities .
The industry that is evaluated by the industry concerned is not only the fact that the report by the Committee on the Environment provides much greater clarity about what is expected of them , but also in question fairer and more effective sharing of responsibility between the various parts of the supply chain , which I have just described as far as I have concerned .
The list of objectives for economic growth of the European Union , the social objective and combating poverty is also important for Europe , because achieving them will help ensure the economic independence of the European Union .
Can anyone here explain to me what these visits are in Moscow to Slovakia and Bulgaria ?
In my opinion , the European Parliament must support the best conditions for mothers and children as well .
As has already been mentioned , Member States have benefited from the Lisbon Treaty , the powers that have been made available to them to cooperate with regard to the cooperation of criminal justice , and the lack of progress in relation to procedural rights since 2004 was partly resolved by this first right from the road map proposed by the Swedish Presidency .
I dare say that none of the members of the committee do support behaviour by the type of 'one size ' .
Indeed , there can be a very strong incentive for someone to want to be a more generous than happy , but this should be countered in any way ; otherwise the costs that our production system is already beginning to pay - and pays for willingness to get results - will be in vain .
Our countries will then be strong enough to offer work and others .
This was supported by the representatives of the German Free Democratic Party in the European Parliament .
Let us discuss real violations , those who have already happened .
What is important for the protection of tropical forests in Cameroon is , above all , the fight against corruption - both at administrative level and when it comes to private inadvertently gambling , the continuation of effective court proceedings and , of course , sustainable practices in the forestry sector .
They , as well as others , are present on the list of measures that can be adopted by the Commission on intelligent transport systems set out in the directive .
Why ?
I would like to emphasise that , in my opinion , the Commission and the Commissioner are , in recent years , very good and constructive contributions to this issue .
I have one message to everybody of you .
The report acknowledges that the free market and individual people and firms in Europe are vital for the recovery process , and that is on the basis of British Conservatives support it .
However , is this change , is Mr Barroso ?
The final thing I would like to say is that in the case of maritime aid services ( hotels ) and Belgian authorities according to the latest data , the Belgian authorities were the Belgian authorities .
We rightly expect all Member States to ensure control and transparency , but we also expect this from our own institutions , and the Council is also responsible for what is happening or not happening in the Member States .
Mr President , Mrs Malmström , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , I would like to express my condolences to the victims of the Conakry , both on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and on behalf of the African parliamentarians from the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Network , with whom we met last week to discuss , among other things , the situation in Guinea , with the Chairman of Guinea 's Party , a party that is unfortunately directly affected by violence .
It would be good to introduce even more requirements for the interpreters , because what is the benefit of the translation , if we can not guarantee the quality of the complainant ?
I would be grateful for this , especially in the light of the denial of China .
I regret many that the two institutions have failed to find common ground .
I believe that the European Parliament , the Commission and the Czech Presidency , would have proven that , in the context of unprecedented , European institutions have been extremely annoyed .
I am extremely critical of such support for the budget .
The item is closed .
However , without prejudice to the overall support for the European Police Office , with the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and its impact on police cooperation , the rapporteur and its colleagues in the report in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , consider that measures should not be amended to implement the Europol decision until the adoption of such measures can be made as possible in accordance with the new legal framework provided in the Treaty of Lisbon .
There is therefore no way to truly attack human trafficking without attacking the mixes of sex industry .
( HU ) According to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the UN Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , all citizens enjoy equal rights and freedoms and equal protection of law , such as the exercise of rights and freedoms , should be ensured without any discrimination based on race , colour , religion , religion , political and other convictions , national or social origin , property or any other sign .
It is also a very bad sign that we are sending countries outside the EU , which we are demanding ratifying these conventions .
( EL ) Mr President , you said that talks have begun between Frontex and Turkey and that the Commission has reported to them to the Council .
The European strategy for the more effective integration of the Roma is a very important issue .
I hope that , in using the same methods , this kind of success will be achieved to ensure that volumes of gas is required at a time when there are countries that wish to provide their resources for the project .
Only then can a social and stable united Europe be built , which Europe 's citizens expect and happy to accept .
In order to maintain confidence in the systems of each country , the agreement provides for joint inspections , research , the exchange of safety data ( planes and information on accidents ) , as well as enhanced regulatory cooperation and consultation at technical level , so that the issues were raised before they have arisen .
Furthermore , we are now obviously playing an Islamic struggle for power .
Sometimes we are experiencing , but sometimes , unfortunately we are not succeeding , because things are not in our hands but in their hands .
They are interested in purely financial facts .
While I understand the need for emergency measures caused by the economic crisis , I am concerned about the speed of changes and how some Member States are trying to impose on the other certain decisions .
Canada spends only USD 77 per capita per capita subsidies , compared with USD 1 200 on Korea , the 420 and 365 for the United States .
( NL ) I would like to express my fellow Members of the Commission for their answers to a number of specific questions .
So , the only thing I have to say at the moment is that we must do everything in our power - the Commission and all together - to ensure that the implementation of research projects will be of the necessary high quality so that they can pay the appropriations .
The UCITS can be used to stabilise the position of the private market 's financial institutions .
At the same time , the European Union should help actively those who are at risk , move temporarily into a safe country .
The police investigation is under way , which the company is fully cooperating in the company .
I therefore hope that the government will endeavour to obtain funding and that it will steer financial resources at local level to create added value , to provide direct benefits to citizens and thus reduce energy poverty .
I also share , of course , the general view that the treatment of the Roma should be correct , but most of the problems mentioned in this report can be the most of the problems mentioned , which these people have chosen .
No , it is not .
In the last few weeks , at the end of the Hungarian Presidency , many criticisms have been made to Hungarians and very often , these criticisms were unfounded and unfounded .
This is a good report , which is particularly important in the current economic crisis , which requires active measures aimed at the labour market , ensuring that the most vulnerable people will not remain permanently outside the labour market .
We need a structure for coordination between the institutions and agencies of the EU , as well as those in the Member States and international partners .
I also thought to Iraq , where six years after the abolition of the dictator members of the world 's oldest Christian communities are harassed , expelled and murdered .
I agree with the common visa policy that facilitates the legitimate journey and introduces measures aimed at facilitating the process of application and processing of visa applications ( reduced prices , simplified procedures for issuing visas , the use of multiple-entry visas , longer deadlines for validity ) .
The ball is in his country of the West and must use these few days to reach intelligent and credible agreement .
Article 290 of the Treaty of Lisbon gives Parliament the opportunity to present objections or withdraw the amendments or the submission of the Commission 's legislative acts .
This agreement reflects the European Union 's commitment in this region of the world and sends a strong political signal to the countries in it .
I therefore believe that this probably justifies the systematic and better structured cooperation with the European Parliament .
author . - Mr President , we are now pretending to be sufficiently broad and sufficient to cover the threshold .
on behalf of the ECR Group . - Madam President , I regret to state that , as the European Council appears to be able to make some dangerous changes and we must be concerned about this .
The draft is nine proposals for the construction area , but I do not know where they are being experienced .
For some time , the number of workers made redundant as a result of so-called restructuring ' has fallen significantly beyond the initial estimates of the Commission regarding the number of workers who would like to benefit from the fund .
The European Union has had to intervene and use all available funds to help people with poor housing conditions , especially from marginalised communities , which were previously not access to ERDF resources .
The debate is closed .
I congratulate you on your election of the post of President of the European Parliament .
The three European citizens who were held hostage in Darfur for several months are released , but at the same time we know that the situation in Darfur is as before .
Transparency means , on the one hand , that airlines will be able to obtain information about the security charges in the future , which will be applied to them from airports , whether they are too high - which is still happening at the moment in individual places - and , following the next step that passengers will , of course , be able to understand what airlines require .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
I am extremely happy that my amendments in this regard have been found in the text .
The package will take place , firstly , a communication on a global external strategy on PNR , including a set of common requirements that must be adhered to in every PNR agreement with a third country ; secondly , two guidelines for renegotiation of PNR agreements with the United States and Australia and guidelines for renegotiation of a new agreement with Canada ; and thirdly , a new Commission proposal on PNR data based on the impact assessment .
The European Medicines Agency still has difficulty in doing things , although there are already a few years .
On Thursday and Friday this week , a conference on the matter organised by the Czech Presidency will be held on Friday and I am sure that it will be a more comprehensive and interesting discussion on labelling .
I believe sexual violence is the worst kind of military action .
For your information , Madam President , when the question was raised before the Committee on Employment recently , nobody in the committee knew what is meant to be heard , while I have not attempted to explain to them , even the Presidency .
I therefore hope that Parliament 's decision will be productive and will serve as an incentive , so attitudes and the level of attention on this issue will be considerably improved in the short term .
More than anything I was surprised at the initial budget , which the Secretary-General drafted , which proposed an increase of over 5 % , but it was somewhat surprised to me that it is not here today .
You will therefore see that , in 2009 , the volume of our loans is increasing to the extent in the new Member States than in the old ones .
The European Parliament is now beginning to criticise one of its Member States .
The Commission 's current proposal provides for a period of five years .
The proposal sets out specific requirements in order to ensure the creation of the Member States of a national regulatory and organisational framework , as well as to the preparation of suitable national programmes for the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste - from which they generate their disposal .
Among other things , I think that the establishment of a committee and a network of technologies for promoting cooperation in technology is extremely important .
Immigration and border controls are currently one of the most challenging challenges facing the European Union , which is too often trying to hide from the idea that the protection of borders and preventing unchecked immigration are tasks that the whole of Europe must be addressed .
I am convinced of the great number of issues that I am convinced - the Council will examine duly during the accession negotiations and will do everything possible to resolve them .
This issue must also be taken into account in the future .
By doing so to bilateral agreements , it will be an additional blocking factor .
We can not turn our eyes to the violations of human rights and , in accordance with the European Parliament resolution of 10 February 2010 , I would suggest that we take firm measures to support the inadmissible , granting them temporary asylum .
In short , as the sun for Spain , this is also a wind of the West Bank of Ireland .
The vote opens up a way for the more aggressive marketing of foodstuffs , which is not supported by sound scientific evidence .
This will be more valuable in the wider cultural exchanges and cooperation between the EU and third countries .
It is true that this affects many thousands of Spanish citizens and ordinary people choosing to do their home .
We must also provide support from developing countries such as China .
This is an important issue : it is part of the agreement .
This exceeds the ceiling of 50 amendments set out in Article G , which is why I have returned to these texts to the committee responsible .
Your only answer is that you suggest that we keep this mistake , although you are more responsible for everything , and you continue to move away from the European Union and to reassure the powers through greater control of national budgets and by putting people into Europe an unprecedented austerity policy .
The crisis is not over .
The G20 has achieved the following significant results :
I believe that , thanks to the compromise amendments that have been signed by the three largest political groups in Parliament , we have managed to find a real solution to this problem ; a solution that has been resolved by previous legislative acts in the European Union , which represents a compromise between the different legal situations in the Member States and which also makes a contribution to protecting workers ' rights and employees .
Issues such as improving the implementation and connection between biodiversity and climate change require special attention .
The vast majority of votes - 54 domination by 80 present - were in favour of the treaty , including the orchestrated by the Democratic Party ( DTP ) ( the party , which President Klaus , a while ago ) , shows that there is a 'common feeling of a very strong responsibility for Europe and for the EU , as well as continuing the integration process and active participation in it .
The European Union has therefore recognised that it is , in general , more difficult to tackle the effects of the crisis than other major economic centres such as the United States , China , Japan and India .
Yes , we need it at a time when , as part of the banking sector , private banks show that they are working against the common interests that they are no longer doing their job to provide society with credit .
However , we already know all of this .
We have therefore tabled such amendments , with unanimous approval of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to thank my fellow Members who have helped to produce a wide-ranging report under the Commission communication , for their willingness to agree and the fact that we have not signed up to the most controversial decision , but about a single agreement .
This is an institution that works under the leadership of the Tibetan Government in exile and aims to support dialogue .
However , what I have been talking about was the fact that , once again , emphasis has been placed on fear of encouraging medical tourism .
When we started the work on this report , the need for long-term investment has already been evident in view of what happened in the European Union .
Firstly , we must ensure that the emergency is not spread yet , and therefore , clearly , we must make it clear that any public money from Europe is obliged to do away from employees .
The vote will take place during the first part-session in February .
Many benefits from regional food products : lower transport costs and lower risk of food .
This situation is also abused by young workers and employees who are forced to get precarious temporary posts or are exploited during a series of consistent internships .
The Commission does not give orders - there are rules covering our national systems , and our model , I repeat , based on the available information and existing assessments .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is vital for the future of the European project , which must include solidarity and ambitious objectives , particularly in view of the budgetary crises that the Member States are currently struggling .
There is a concern that the presentation of the project and to the Belarusian society is organised superficially and does not meet the main issues .
The fact that most errors have been noted by the Court of Auditors and the Commission in the projects and payments managed by Member States shows very clearly where more effort is needed and it is immediately necessary , as shared management represents around 80 % of European funds .
The resolution adopted today takes into account the fact that fisheries management must be based on up-to-date and accurate knowledge of stocks .
I have already spoken in favour and of speeding up the negotiations on a free trade agreement between the EU and the Gulf countries .
For this reason , Parliament , the Commission and the Council agreed to pursue this objective .
The European Neighbourhood Policy ( ENP ) has proved to be an effective instrument of foreign policy encouraging the strengthening of relations with third countries which has tangible benefits .
In my opinion , a much more transparent and more transparent solution must be found to this issue , which clearly states that , in the next revision of the Interim Partnership Agreement on the basis of origin rules , it will be eradicated .
In connection with renewable energy generation , I would like to offer my thanks to Parliament who supported the recovery plan and express my confidence in the future use of wind power from located at sea plants .
This obviously applies to the proposal to introduce the automatic exchange of tax information in both the European Union and at international level .
This is a crucial aspect of flexibility for which I asked me to ensure that the EPAs also replace a trade regime with one another that the regional needs decisions to be made , without undermining the solidarity of the ACP .
Parliament and the Council have included this principle in the regulations for the creation of organs , and in particular Articles 42 , 46 , 49 and 52 , who Minister spoke earlier .
Bosnia and Herzegovina ( vote )
It is clear that the law concerns the fundamental rules and values of the European Union , which is a community based on the rule of law .
Our group therefore calls for rules to be so strict .
What is , for me , is extremely important , was to use more resources to increase our energy efficiency .
The Commission is very concerned about the high level of the credit of the fallen and illegal ivory trade that has been observed recently .
However , in the current situation of the car industry , given that cars are not sold , in the debate with the Council , it has become clear that , in fact , 12 months , it is probably unrealistic , and we had to take into account the serious environmental consequences of the tyre dumping that are still in an excellent condition .
For this reason , it is under way and Turkey is with candidate status .
( FR ) Mr President , Taiwan is becoming acute following a terrible natural disaster without precedent in the country for the last 50 years .
There must be no violations , because this would be unfair to others , often many poorer and poorer producers .
These people must pay a unfairly automated board of lawyers and other experts to defend themselves in the courts without who knows what chance of success .
The resolution therefore does not help to tackle this problem , nor to strengthen stability and peace in the area .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to make a final comment that will bring me to a certain extent back where I began .
If , in such circumstances , there is a lack of well-functioning democratic institutions , things can be seriously wrong .
At a time when almost 25 million Europeans are registered as unemployed , a directive has been tabled again to facilitate immigration to those seeking work .
The conclusion of a temporary agreement between the European Union and the US , so that US authorities can continue to analyse the data from transactions between European countries in the territory of the Netherlands .
The vote will take place on Wednesday 6 May 2009 .
Similarly , the accession of the European Union can not affect any positions of individual Member States in relation to the European Court of Human Rights , or of Minutes and reserves .
All is good when it ends well .
If this is not feasible , because unanimity is required , then you have to tell what the process is going to do .
( DE ) Madam President , as a fervent supporter of the European idea , I was opposed to the Treaty of Lisbon , precisely because it opens a way for the arguments that we have heard a little ago , and that is precisely because it did not create for future generations , the clarity and the most visible thing that I would like to say .
I would like to emphasise this once again .
I believe that this is the main issue of the new application : society has confidence and feel safe .
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , the criteria of Article 290 can not be subject to political transactions or special agreements .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
I think that our contribution will play a great role here .
I would like to set out the elements of this joint approach that reflects the statement .
At a time of economic downturn , we must support our industries relating to creative activities and artists contributing to our GDP , employment , growth and global exports .
For me , this has become quite clear two weeks ago when the volcanic ash came .
It is true that the UN system is complex and that a G20 , where arrangements are not relevant , but there are opportunities for large advertising hit , is much simpler .
This is a quotation from President Klaus , and this is probably the only one that I agree with it that the train is already moving so quickly and has gone so far far that it will not be possible to stop it or back .
The policy of transport ministers of the Member States includes a request for a sustainable and forward-looking transport policy for the European Union every Sunday , while also achieving all the possible efforts to prevent such a policy from being implemented in the week .
Are you interested in tackling distortions of competition rules in relation to third countries ?
I believe that the European system of responsibility for the lack of compliance must be equal , so that consumer protection and confidence in the markets are improved , thereby increasing the product 's standard cycle .
I am sure that the Commission will say more about this issue after a few .
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and the two institutions , an official agreement needs to be reached on the costs to replace the existing 30 years ' agreement .
Electrical and electronic equipment currently represents the fastest-growing waste stream in the European Union .
We have a deficit , because we have consistently tightened up taxes on capital and the most economical conditions for the increasingly unequal distribution of wealth .
Patients who , in other Member States , will have unimpeded access to healthcare services that do not exist in their home countries because of certain natural conditions , will also benefit from this .
The Stockholm Action Plan must reflect these needs with regard to mobility , labour rights , the needs of businesses and equal opportunities , inter alia , whilst promoting legal certainty and access to rapid and effective justice .
( NL ) Mr President , there is a hint of the exhibition surrounding Parliament for tar sands in Canada .
My third question is : what are the consequences ?
It is therefore the conclusion : State aid must be maintained , because it helps to strengthen the competitiveness of European maritime transport and the economy of the Member States .
This is not the work of the European Parliament .
We also consider it important that the accession talks with Croatia be held .
Commissioner Verheugen , it is still not late to act .
There is a lack of arrests where officials are being arrested , which obviously have done nothing other than they have exercised their right to express their opinion .
The resolution also calls for even stronger EULEX 's presence in Kosovo .
I assume that everyone is going through every vote in this House .
As you all know , our cooperation with Tajikistan has still been governed by the Trade and Cooperation Agreement concluded with the USSR in 1989 and confirmed by Tajikistan in 1994 .
With regard to diversification , it must cover not only modes of energy , but also suppliers .
The agreement then provides a very good turn to my backs , but it is fair to say that it lost its viability and is today being turned out in our backs .
I fully support the introduction of a true Tobin tax .
Therefore , the Greek Government does not have to ask for financial support , although we will continue to follow the situation closely .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the American North Atlantic Arc once more widely attacked a clash of civilisations .
The Treaties must be amended .
Once again , small farms have suffered the most of the crisis .
Well , in our resolution , which we will adopt tomorrow , there are a number of proposals .
Under Article 4 ( 2 ) of the Act for the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen acquis , the precondition for abolishing internal border controls with these countries is the test that the Schengen requirements are fulfilled .
The European Parliament is about clear European regulations .
Today , we spoke about some of these issues .
We believe that the only solution to the problems relating to corruption and organised crime is the consistent application of new laws and regulations .
I know from the talk that I have conducted that of course is possible - if you want you to create a simple fine profiles from these elements .
There is now a legal basis for making accession in reality .
Since the deployment of renewable energy production is actually one of the main objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy , I assume that we will certainly have a higher budget in this area , including in the budgetary order for regional policy in the forthcoming period .
A legally binding agreement on global climate policy would be accurately worded and covers hundreds of issues in areas such as : quantitative targets for reducing emissions in industrialised countries for 2020 and then , specific emission targets in developing countries for 2020 and then , financial assistance for developing countries from industrialised countries , developing and transfer technology and measurement rules .
Now , we will call for them to include an additional phrase 'traditional wine for wine produced in the traditional manner because our Spanish friends must sell their homes from white wine because they have not been spared .
I am grateful to the Commission for having this position .
However , the cultivation of the current magnitude is currently decreasing .
A common system of value added tax in relation to the issuing of invoices (
Do you not think it is realistic to expect electric vehicles to be widely prevalent in Europe by 2050 ?
Where is there a place of blind loyalty to nuclear power here ?
Our constituents have the right to know that we very seriously judge everything and do not accept the Council 's decisions .
Even the treaty , even if it can not , in itself , solve many of the problems .
For these reasons , I think this resolution represents the necessary first step with which people in Japan will ensure the entire humanitarian , technical and financial support that will need in the coming months and years .
There must be no more than that in the creation of new rights , other freedoms should be restricted .
These funds must be allocated to education , health , agriculture and institutional capacity building .
This is the case in Spain , as well as many other examples that have been mentioned in this House , which have nothing to do with the subject , has caused so much concern during the debate .
South Asia is facing extremism every day , whether it is about the battlefield in the streets or on the streets of Mindanao , the devil and the street .
The Commission has come up with a report on the use of mobile phones in managing a vehicle .
30 000 people died and , of course , we are all unhappy about this .
This military solution is fraught with problems .
The idea of providing basic social services for asylum seekers at the same high level of social security as the nationals of the Member State in question is unrealistic and the unrealistic .
The construction sector is one of the largest industries in Europe that is responsible for 10 % of GDP and the projected % of gross basic capital .
It must be noted that the report is drawn up on the basis of the previous attempt within the EU as regards the functioning of the Economic and Monetary Union , which establishes the need for a improved framework for economic governance , as proposed in the report .
During the programming period of the year 2009 , in the waste management projects , funding was earmarked for a total of EUR 140 million allocated to the ERDF .
The agreement will improve considerably both links between the respective markets and between people and will create new opportunities for the aviation sector by gradually liberalising foreign ownership rules .
Too many bus and coach services in Ireland are being carried out by local carriers , small and family businesses .
Explanations of vote
The problems with the Stability and Growth Pact are not due to the lack of compliance or to a rapid reduction in the annual deficit to the Maastricht Treaty target of a new debt of 3 % .
I am also against any increase in Parliament 's staff and , if it is decided after an additional assessment , that more EUR 1 500 per month should be allocated to the secretariat , this will be a mockery of taxpayers .
I urge the Commission not to stop following the link between high food prices and rising energy prices , especially fuel , which are used .
I call on the Council during June this matter to decide once and for all and to make it clear that it is workers , not the politicians , who must elect their working time .
The eligibility rules , procurement procedures and the absorption of the European problem will no longer be .
Therefore , we need an independent check that standards are equal and , if they are , then there is no justification not to transpose this principle into the whole of the European Union and hopefully , in the long time and throughout the world , to achieve the desired movement of professionals .
The fact is also that if we want an easy way to reduce CO2 , we must focus not on the mining or mining industry , but rather on the energy sector .
In this context , it is necessary to proceed with a thorough assessment of the rescue and recovery package and to the effectiveness of State aid measures .
Mr President , in my voting list , it seems that paragraph 36 was the most controversial and I therefore wonder whether we were to vote at all .
The economic and social crisis in the country is deepening at unprecedented levels , which is due to the path that the members of the European Union go and at national level of measures that are crippling up by them : more intense policies , increased exploitation of workers , new antisocial measures which exacerbate inequalities , increasing unemployment and job insecurity , as well as increasing poverty and social exclusion .
in writing . - ( CS ) I supported this report because I believe that the European Union 's common agricultural policy must continue to be a common agricultural policy and that in future , we must not renationalise in this area .
Yes , we would all like to respond to energy demand mainly through renewable sources .
You themselves are not convinced in the argument that trade preferences can be used to promote prosperity and to combat radicalism .
( The sitting was suspended at 1.15 p.m. and resumed at 9.05 p.m . )
I believe that these are important steps towards equality .
Finally , energy efficiency will not create quality jobs unless it is based on a truly strategic industrial initiative of the European Union , which is exempt from the limits of the free market .
There is a need for action in Brussels without providing a link at national level , reducing efficiency to a large extent .
It is a precondition for all the international egos who are a period between three weeks and three months and which are not a fundamental trade nature .
Moving straight to the method of comparative profits , as proposed by the amendment , does not mean that we will have a sufficiently thorough response .
This concept has never been defined by the World Health Organisation or in the acquis communautaire .
We have the ordinary legislative procedure and the Treaty of Lisbon , and I therefore believe that we should all take advantage of them to achieve the objectives .
However , I have been completely indifferent to this particular scandal .
On this , we are already working for a long time , and we do not have anything concrete , I hope that we will soon have some effect , otherwise nothing remains to be done in the foreseeable future .
That is why it is true , nothing other , and I would like to ask the authors of these absolutely mystifying amendments to withdraw them , because they are an affront to this House .
I thank you for all , and the Swedish Presidency has done this over six months .
The speed with which every country is advancing in its way towards membership of the European Union is determined by the candidate country or potential candidate .
In addition , more funds must be provided from the European Union budget .
Mr President , on behalf of the Commission , and in particular , Vice-President Reding , I would like to thank the rapporteur for this valuable report , which analyses several key aspects regarding the impact of modern advertisements and consumer behaviour .
Mr President , the ECR Group supported the initial SWIFT agreement with the United States and their Terrorist Finance Tracking Programme for the transfer of financial messaging data to be transferred to the data in respect of compliance , of course , certain safeguards .
Given the fact that the EU must ensure its citizens food security and long-term development of agricultural sectors , significant changes must be made to safeguard productivity at a time when it needs to adapt to the stricter environmental constraints that are currently in force .
The European Union 's budget framework is preparing in such a way that it is increasingly stricter during the period of time of 18-month , especially in the area of agriculture .
I firmly support the technical measure to facilitate the organisation of international exhibitions .
Then a letter , in August 2008 , the repeated court of justice has been told me that a criminal investigation was finally launched and that she will inform me about its results .
Without European support for national efforts , not only in the field of prevention and treatment , but also in coordination of research funding , the dissemination of best practices and adequate funding for the pharmaceutical industry , which works for detecting effective medicines , we will not be able to support the independence and dignity of those suffering from diseases which are severely penalised , including in terms of their emotional and social relations .
Mr President , just a few words in summary of a very interesting debate today , which I thank all the speakers .
In these conditions , this means that we must join together and look at all these discharge procedures in terms of control .
However , the rapporteur is aware that the Greens have tabled their own amendments , which provide for modernisation of the line between the urban part of Munich and Munich Airport , but the rapporteur once again points out that the changes we are making through this report provide for amendments to the text rather than its submission .
It is also important not to ignore the positive impact of improved bio-waste management , namely the impact on the functioning of the internal market , on the future of agriculture through the protection and recovery of soil fertility and the promotion of renewable energy .
Regarding the financing - the correct thing it will have to be in the next financial perspective .
( EL ) Mr President , it seems to be the proposals that the US Secretary sent to Israel during his visit , was included and that it should stop building and prolonging populated locations in the West Bank , open the door to the wall and to stop building up the Palestinians from East Jerusalem , and in relation to Gaza - to allow the necessary cement and building materials to build the recovery part .
I hope that this time will take the lessons we can learn from this process and indeed work hard to growth , both at European and national level .
Work on this has been long and watched and Parliament knows this very well .
This is a structural problem , widespread in all areas , countries and continents .
This implies the need to put more effort to reduce the risk of disasters and provide support - apart from specific aid - to support communities ' capacity in connection with the preparations for disasters .
The agreement reached between the European Parliament and the European Council has allowed to avoid the application of a provisional budget - something that could have had negative repercussions on European cohesion and agricultural policy .
Therefore , it must be ensured that the levers and development policies will allow effective development .
The vote will take place tomorrow .
However , more explicit than ever is the importance of our partnership with the EIB and the European Union in fulfilling our commitments both to our shareholders and the countries in which we are working .
All Member States are looking for savings in the budget .
In my opinion , the European Union really does accomplish its objectives and is now making decisions with its citizens .
However , I think that is wrong .
There is no justification for air transport security .
This will not only be beneficial to the environment , but will also help to preserve local jobs .
In order to achieve this , we must focus on Member States , so - as Spain has done - in addition to the transposition of the Council Framework Decision on this - we can develop and implement action plans to involve interest groups involving programmes to raise awareness of the population and social mobilisation , without neglecting the work on international cooperation .
Overall , the ratification process of a European treaty seems too often to be a saga or a victory for a great deal .
Take a young woman who visited French , the Italian or Belgian schooling and suddenly , after being confused with his bottle , is the reality and forced to bear a tragedy that will mark it by the end of her life .
It is important that this programme retain its funds in full .
I therefore support the adoption of this agreement , not only because it seems to be fairly fair , but also because it is bringing an end to one of the few cases of the unfavourable discrimination that still exists between the people of the EU .
Have the overwhelming majority of women and mothers in Europe and in the world not there are other problems ?
( GA ) Madam President , thank you for giving me the opportunity to say a few words on this important international matter .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate the Czech Presidency on its initiative to come forward with the Eastern Partnership proposal , which will be formally presented , and I would like to call on the Member States ' governments to commit themselves fully to this initiative .
Gordon Brown has made a strong speech .
This will not , of course , be eradicated .
The SEPA data are not covered by the agreement ; most have not been affected .
Transfers of appropriations : see Minutes
With this system , more personal data can be collected and , for reasons , the legitimacy of which is subject to interpretation .
The legislative process for reforming the Agency , which is under way , still requires the Vienna and the Agency 's mandate , which expires on 13 March 2010 , will be extended .
Another important element of the common asylum system is the so-called external dimension ' .
We must therefore be absolutely sure that Cameroon 's timber , from the Republic of Congo or which should be a third country is banned , transported and proposed on the market legally and in compliance with the needs of local communities and the legislation on forest management .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , in his description of the prospect of the prospect of the European Neighbourhood Policy in the Southern Mediterranean you mentioned the possible cages .
I think I can be brief , as all the crucial issues have already been dealt with .
However , the problem also has a second dimension .
The EU officials are provided for the most appropriate procedures applicable to the violation of this obligation .
In addition , heavy metals can lead to a serious air pollution .
The European Union has shown a good will by removing the partially visa sanctions against Belarusian officials .
In essence , the special connection between two components of civil conscience - the legal thought and historic memory - is fully inherited from the modern Russian human rights community and possibly from the Russian civil society as a whole .
There is a real problem of the coin .
We in Europe are the withholding of regulation and supervision of the financial markets .
The current average level is 300 000 tonnes .
We must take into account the various conditions throughout the European Union .
This is the picture taken by the report which will be published tomorrow on the Member States ' radar screen in the European Union .
The rule of law , your rule of Presidents , in other words automatic exchange of any fiscal , banking and financial information will inevitably lead to the inevitable assessment of the unmanageable data .
Mr President , Canada is one of the oldest and most powerful partners of the European Union .
People must be given the resources to improve and expand their qualifications .
The contracting parties represented are subject to a special customs regime governing the Paris Convention .
But I think we share a common goal - to help the market function properly .
However , if a patient is faced with a false time of waiting for his own country , we must not be surprised if he wants to travel to a place where they will receive faster , and perhaps a higher quality healthcare .
We therefore asked you to introduce a permanent , transparent procedure for the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) and ensure that the European Parliament and the citizens represented by Parliament are regularly and fully informed of the progress of the negotiations , while respecting the confidentiality clauses that have just been brought to us are related to the agreement .
The Commission , in its role , has a guardian of the treaties , the obligation to monitor these signs .
The vote will take place shortly .
This decision is driven by the need for green agriculture and supporting the fight against climate change .
The work carried out by Parliament through the newly appointed group in particular was doubtless one of the engines for the overall integrated approach on the strategy .
I welcome your proposals , but they will not solve the main problem .
The fact that no prior control of the public authorities have been introduced to stop such a spill in such a magnitude is difficult to understand , as well as the lack of sufficient control by public authorities , in addition to security systems , which require and apply from the platforms to avoid the risk of pollution and , ultimately , the specific risk associated with contamination of particular sensitive and/or particularly delicate areas .
It is true that today , we have been guided instead of another rapporteur , but I will be able to say a few words to emphasise something that is already contained in the Committee on Budgets , namely that it is important , of course , to think about savings and whether the costs that are being carried out are justified and justifiable .
So let us not start with the accusations that only because of Brussels , there is privatisation .
Another achievement of this legislative period is that Parliament 's role on the European boards is no longer confined to the President 's initial speech .
The new proposals allow Member States to determine who is not covered and who does not fall within the scope of the directive on persons performing mobile road transport activities .
As I said , this is an important step , but not the last .
I therefore believe that the recommendation that Parliament has been tabled today to reconsider in the near future the impact of the air traffic crisis and to review this context , Directive 2006/54/EC is the most appropriate method that we can propose in these uncertain times .
( HU ) Mr President , I am not speaking as a Member of this House or as a shining lady in close to the northern one round , I would just like to warn all that the relentless pole is not just an economic or energy heritage but also among the main examples of our natural heritage .
We must be allowed to make such a red and Commissioner without doubt that this should be the case .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the rapporteurs on behalf of our group .
By subsidising official trade venues , it was allowed to access the markets to negotiate .
My aim today is to assure you that the Commission has committed itself to the work , taking into account all the policies that can have an impact on the reform of the common fisheries policy .
Currently , initiatives that are really directed at ordinary people could be successful even if they do not follow the spirit of European federalism .
At present , we do not have the most reliable information on this occasion , which we need .
The Tibetans can leave a trail of individual , uncontrolled acts of revenge , and often organised murders , which are usually intended to cover .
We must face this problem and solve it .
The issues we are facing are consolidation or a monopoly in supply and transit , lack of interconnected single market and particularly vulnerable to the Union 's eastern border .
Moreover , the European Union is based on a bloated values which include combating all forms of discrimination , and I will work to uphold this value throughout its mandate .
Secondly , there is an initiative that goes further than that simply uses GDP in preparing the Structural Funds , also involving the leverage ratio of income inequality in an assessment measure - when there is a disadvantage .
There is no doubt that geographical location , the market players and other similar factors create numerous difficulties .
Therefore , I am abstaining from voting .
It is quite obvious that if the ECB did not provide this liquidity in exchange for such guarantees , which are , in fact , quite simply , rather unlikely , some of these financial institutions to go bankrupt .
Implementation of the plan of the 10th EDF (
Indeed , the refusal of the European Parliament to respect the Irish vote is contrary to the spirit of the Charter .
This will be particularly true for the most productive families .
Some measures are needed to achieve the objective of building an internal market based on the free movement between Member States .
According to information provided by the Hungarian authorities , red mud is not containing a high concentration of heavy metals and therefore does not regard hazardous waste .
What are we doing in Europe ?
The focus should be prepared and provided to the public by means of a single access .
It has started a very great discussion and I do not know whether the idea will have a success - whether the Parliament will vote in favour of our proposal .
On the one hand , this is a risk of the health of EU citizens , because the conditions of importing food are not clear , but , on the other hand , the attitude towards European agriculture is a preventable , because EU standards for production and processing are not applied to agricultural production , driven by the Mercosur countries .
The path to creating the conditions needed for peaceful coexistence runs through the European Union and by supporting a visa-free regime , giving our personal input to this objective .
I am firmly opposed to the creation of new agencies .
These are obvious facts and they require , they promote the implementation of a global strategy .
It is precisely that this year in the budget that has a new position , the Baltic Sea Strategy , and I hope that the Commission and Parliament will start together the appropriate projects and find appropriate funds for the appropriate measures .
I voted for this report because it outlines the proposals of the European Parliament , which provide for specific measures to promote corporate social responsibility within the framework of the European Union 's trade policy .
The other constitutional structures in the Czech Republic will also find a way of overcoming such an illegal blockade .
Despite all the assurances that the possibility generated by the collection of countries was not used .
We were told that the European Arrest Warrant is to help in the fight against terrorism - and we all know that it has become more than that .
But we know that Greece does not intend to leave the euro area .
We would like to point out that we voted against these proposals and regret the fact that they were the most visible .
My report therefore calls on the European Commission to work with Member States to make the direction of remaining wild areas in Europe and to develop a strategy to increase their protection .
I believe that we can deal with globalisation , not with strength , but with an inspiration .
No , it was not the right method .
This year , the Council has once again done everything possible to prevent our work as auditor .
We need to motivate a higher number of women to start working as self-employed and this is something that is a step in the right direction .
This is good news for the credibility of the meat market in the EU and in all areas it has done good work .
There is an excessive use of chemicals in agriculture , which harms our food and the environment , and farmers are forced to pay a high price for these industrial products .
2009 discharge : 8 , eighth EDF (
I am profoundly convinced that with their hard work and cooperation of the Czech Presidency , we are in a position to reach an agreement at first reading , which is very important .
We need stronger Europe and genuine cooperation with the United States to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
I welcome the resolution calling for the opportunity to take into consideration at European level , in respect of international adoption strategies , so as to improve support in the areas of information services , preparation for inter-country adoption , and processing of the international adoption applications and post-adoption services , given that all international conventions on the protection of the child 's rights recognise the right to orphaned or to protect orphans or abandoned children .
I believe it is a bad sign that two of the parties in the conflict - Morocco and Algeria - are not cooperating , despite the deteriorating situation in Tunisia .
We also expect a future agreement on a package of proposals to create a new financial supervisory architecture in the European Union .
Food security can not be achieved without tackling two of the most important issues on the day : market and price volatility ( heavily influenced by speculation on the commodity markets ) and the reduction of food stocks .
The part that the European Commission has gathered is the subject of this debate on discharge , while the part that the European Investment Bank has been used is currently being excluded from discharge , and I would like to return to this later .
Firstly , a request must also be made at Community level , national authorities strictly to apply to the strict provisions .
These services must include health and care provision , education , free time , transport and broadband .
I am confident that most of you will share the rapporteur 's opinion and confirm the many important improvements made in this agreement .
Allow me to express my disapproval and in relation to the fact that in paragraph 31 of the report , it stresses that a directive should not be adopted regulating corporate social responsibility .
In my opinion , this is too good reason why we do not allow the European Union to sign the Convention .
All measures must be implemented fully in accordance with international maritime law .
The remaining part of the budget is affected by various types of errors .
We bear in mind all this and we will take it into account .
Finally , I will say that the Innovation Union can be a really good tool for solving climate problems .
I take this opportunity to come back to the first part of this issue and raise the issue of public procurement as a whole and the subject of limited procedures for which many people claim they are or lead to the non-payment of funds .
The European Union has already been standing as President and High Representative for Foreign Affairs .
The document establishes a uniform application procedure for third-country nationals who wish to be admitted to the territory of a Member State to work there and offer them a secure legal status .
Europe is now in the midst of the economic crisis , but we must not allow it to block our reason and prevent us from putting ambitious targets in these areas .
This type of agreements will only have any significance when we can be sure that foreign companies no longer exploit local businesses who do not have any professional knowledge in the area of forestry and the environment , and when the Republic of Congo has been dealing with corruption .
There must be objectivity and transparency in the distribution of money between Member States .
Childcare facilities not only help women in the development of their careers but , in particular , they can develop the skills of children as members of society .
The debate is closed .
Are it through codecision procedure or what ?
Given that a large amount of investment will already be made in this area , it would be reasonable to recognise national differences in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity .
They must know that they have our solidarity .
However , we have still condemned the other hundreds of thousands of people with good intentions .
We know that , within the next few months , the Commission intends to come forward with a revised proposal for a revision of the Council 's reverse position .
Regarding climate change , I hear that there is a common vision here for the active role that the European Union should play in Copenhagen and from now on .
What is important here is to find a solution to deal with the problem once and for all .
I also consider it so good and the proposal of Mr Kalfin to help economic development and democratic changes in the Mediterranean region - now in Tunisia and Egypt , in particular .
We can see how quickly developing economies have developed us , so we must focus on this area as much as possible .
Like you , I also support the Community method and the treaty , which sets out a clear division of responsibilities .
Mr Zapatero , you have the floor .
After all , at second reading , we will support it if it is clear that green and sustainable approach is used .
Secondly , we are not looking into the detail of the effects of all the regulations that are currently being examined .
Moreover , there are facilities operating only for a few hours of work day , which restricts parents ' access to the labour market .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the funds which are blocked by the European Union are probably those who are specifically intended to land crossings .
You would almost forget that people are deliberately choosing a gay and wilfully abuse the social services in Europe .
We are hiding unfair competition , which leads to an inadequate functioning of the market .
( GA ) Madam President , what is the logic that leads the Council and the Commission to consider that the policies imposed by Ireland will not increase debt or that this will not result from implementing these or similar policies in the European Union ?
I think that mainly a condition for Serbia 's integration in the European Union is the resolution of the serious violations of human rights and related to them with their concern of close cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia .
The European Commission therefore called for the examination of this issue as regards the intentions of Brazil , during the next meeting of the Committee on technical barriers to trade in the WTO on 24-25 March 2011 .
These concerns are the result of Mrs Ashton 's statements and its past , but also of its first action after taking office .
Lithuania was the first country of Soviet bloc , which has announced its independence by the USSR .
The majority of Europe has come to a bit of a bad way from the current system in which world multinational corporations and banks manage the world .
The European left will be a policy of this by the European Parliament and by combating side with workers and social movements in order to make the dreams of the younger generation of democratic , social , social , environmental and humanist Europe .
The first was originally created because around 80 % of the population live in cities and because of climate change , we want to deal with this now .
Fukushima has been forcing us , above all , to strengthen our nuclear safety requirements .
The preliminary conclusions should have been to strengthen nuclear security , testing the weaknesses , freezing projects for building new nuclear installations in the European Union and more efficient investments in clean energy and energy storage .
Two days ago , the leader of the socialist opposition in the country was here in Parliament .
The Commission intends to present a new communication on the modernisation of higher education later this year .
Fishing is a key activity in ensuring the living and survival of people , and this is the original objective of any fisheries policy .
Could you please suggest that if Parliament is to show its true strength , we will have to review them ?
In particular , the leaders called for vigorous action to provide appropriate financial support through the European Financial Stability Mechanism to enter into force .
The two decades of experiment from the United States is to an end and it will be replaced by the concept of a peacekeeping which can also lead to conflict .
They must also ensure that the mediation organisations provide international mediation organisations , the IAEA and the secretariat of the Espoo Convention , clear and justified answers in terms of choosing a place of building , environmental impact , the most comprehensive and evacuation plans .
Regardless of the continuing nationalist political programmes , we realise that the compromise and the agreement are possible in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
We are now further than ever from achieving sustainable transport .
I call on the Commissioner to take into account the conclusions of the charter of the stagnant , when drawing up which we have been both as representatives of the Commission and Parliament , together with experts , NGOs and associations and the debate there is , in practice , the predominance of the Fifth World Water Forum in Istanbul .
The ability of women to reconcile family and professional life , but also to achieve gender equality objectives : this is what we are fighting today for all European women .
It is good that the second debate on the crisis in the automotive industry is taking into account the proposals made during the European Parliament during the February debates .
However , as many as we have modest , we must also remember that these achievements have put us and a great responsibility for the future .
The production of tomatoes in the EU varies between 16 and 18 million tonnes per year , from which between 6.5 and 7.5 million tonnes are intended for the market of fresh vegetables .
These Member States also need support for the modernisation of a highly polluting industrial sector in order to reduce emissions of harmful gases , but at the same time to preserve jobs and provide economic growth .
The entry into force of the directive no borders ' is a wonderful opportunity for all patients in the European Union , but especially for patients from countries that are less developed , where there is what they want to be healthcare services .
The recent financial crisis has increased the need to address the most problematic problems linked to the management of companies .
I believe that we need to see what you intend to do with this package on goods as part of a broader strategy for managing the acquis communautaire for consumers .
It is true that the global economic and financial crisis has hit even the most developed economies , but we must not forget that it has even more so to the poorest countries .
We in Northern Ireland have not forgotten the victims of the past and victims of terrorism , which is why I call on Parliament to support the campaign for compensation from Libya .
They must also provide incentives and measures for social and demographic trends and focus on supporting families caring for patients , thereby providing social protection for vulnerable people suffering from dementia .
We currently have a policy that is only repressive and unfair to asylum seekers , to the authorities and , ultimately , we are also finding ourselves , for European taxpayers .
In any event , there would be a crisis , but the fact that we do not have enough instruments to counter it , and that we have not yet made progress with the ambiguities that we have profoundly got us .
The objective was to cooperate with the European Commission to set the highest possible standards for the marketing operations in European waters .
In some Member States , it is , and in others , it is not the case , but it is a fact that the new Hungarian Government has annulled this symbolic ombudsman .
China has indeed recently stated that it does not intend to reduce the proportion of its energy sources - 80 % coal to 20 % petroleum - and indeed it is declared that it wishes to double its energy needs by 2020 .
I believe that the document we are going to discuss and I hope that we will approve tomorrow is very good news for Europe .
The problem of volunteering can be that it will simply not be enough in terms of climate change today .
I see too little plans in this area at the moment , but we must continue to make efforts in this direction .
In 2009 , the European Parliament 's Committee on Petitions received 1 500 petitions , but only 46 % of them were adopted under the remit of the committee .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to point out something in the minutes : the Community has no competence in the area of housing policies as a whole , and in particular in the area of social housing .
The people in Europe in turn are very saddened when it comes to showing solidarity , but unfortunately there is a great risk to forget or to be made to forget the tragedy of our fellow people from Haiti .
The human price of this tragedy is incalculable .
The Commission therefore has the urgent task of finding a solution to the conflicts concerning the use of minority languages in all EU countries without exception .
At this time , the Internet has a positive quality in traditional democratic countries such as Italy , to break all possible political , geographical , economic and social barriers to information .
Secondly , as has already been mentioned here today , it opens a gulf between our words and our affairs - or , in other words , a gulf between the internal and external reactions of the EU .
In particular , support is provided for specific projects and attempts to ensure proper and effective enforcement of anti-discrimination laws .
With this growing problem affecting youth unemployment , other social and economic risks and costs for our societies .
However , apart from this short-term objective , the new strategy gives Europe a programme - in reality , as Michel Barnier pointed out in his own book , an action programme - so that the European Union can come out of the economic crisis by restoring economic growth and ensuring that this growth creates more and better jobs .
The debate is closed .
In this sense , ACTA will not have an impact on European citizens , because it will not create new obligations for the European Union and the need to implement legislation .
I believe that in a debate like this when we discuss this topic , we should rather focus on future measures in order to ensure that such situations are avoided and , if I may say , it may be more important to ask ourselves whether such figures are likely to be answered in public attention , in some way reducing citizens ' trust in the work of the EU institutions .
This means that cities take a duty to reduce CO2 emissions by more than 20 % by 2020 .
I know - and I am now talking to you - that the years of London ' has been a difficult period that is difficult for Italians to accept .
This report is fundamentally new , given the political content of the political content : it is trying to emphasise and speed up important debates that occur in the European institutions and the Member States in all the issues included in the economic governance package .
Do you think that it will be possible to use the Erasmus programmes and to improve communication in border regions and on what we would put emphasis on this ?
The people elected by you for the important new positions in the EU can already identify them without the ideas they have , because they are still largely unknown for most European citizens .
However , this also means ( particularly in the digital era ) that in this century , opportunities must be provided for the development of public broadcasting broadcasting , which must be promoted quality , cultural diversity and cultural and social unity .
The Commission is unable to comment on the definition of territory or borders of a Member State , as these matters are only the responsibility of the Member States and only regulated by the applicable regulations of international law .
Thank you .
In my country - Poland - the political right that is fully under the influence of the clergy , does not allow for the completion of sexual education and the limitation of contraception and the legal abortion .
It is high time that international justice has done its work in Sri Lanka and elsewhere .
The reason for this is not only the global crisis and the decline in the economy , alongside the contraction of local and external markets , but also the common agricultural policy - a neoliberal policy that the European Commission has continued to push through in recent years , which has contributed significantly to the current crisis .
We must strive to reduce the differences between current levels of animal welfare standards in the various Member States , because there are currently major discrepancies in animal life conditions and there is growing animal well-being .
I abstained from voting on the resolution on smoking .
This is also clearly indicated in the Protocol on the public broadcasting system of Amsterdam Treaty .
On the other hand , Member States must also show solidarity with the Community , with fair obligations for which decisions have been made together .
I believe that it is a good idea for Parliament to debate not only this fact , but also the behaviour of Fiat and a huge number of large multinationals in Europe aimed at trade unions , such behaviour does not respect workers ' rights .
SOLVIT works well , but could work better .
It is very important for Ukraine to participate in the Eastern Partnership and in the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly , which cooperates with the European Parliament .
It really wants to strengthen governance - with particular attention , including budget support , and taking into account the low levels of state revenue - and invest significantly in infrastructure , in particular in roads .
The report holds senior officers of the Israeli army responsible for following : for the use of white phosphorus , unlike civilians and soldiers , for the human consequences of the blockade , which is a means of collective punishment and a violation of military law .
Firstly , it is not true that Europe brings its backs on all global problems .
I would say that you have been in rooms rooms , but since we are in Brussels , I will call them for the rooms .
However , we are asked to deal with the urgent issue and we have taken this into account when adopting the package of regulations . Parliament has never had a political responsibility .
Based on the evaluation of the European Council , the Council will adopt guidelines for the employment policy of the Member States .
They must understand that a tomatoes that took place in the supermarket would not be there if it was not biodiversity .
( RO ) Madam President , the Black Sea is important for the European Union not only because of its strategic location , but also because of the economic opportunities available and conditions for increased regional development .
I think we need to be good upbringing and ask the people , our voters , whether they agree with that .
This proposal is very important because , firstly , I believe it strengthens Parliament 's legitimacy , as it gives the public direct access to Parliament , not through parties , but in a way that allows direct access to us and only through a single bill .
Parliament was called for a better understanding between the two banks .
We are pleased that these areas are in the report on the High North of the European Parliament , together with valuable proposals on how to act in the future .
The first bloody cycle of the collapse of Yugoslavia and the accumulation of new borders is closing off with the creation of new wounds of a global and global separation by means of a law governing and the rule that will trigger new tensions and interventions .
The prospect of entering the European Union is a powerful incentive for other Western Balkan countries , which are more citizen-friendly to European integration , to conduct the necessary political , economic and legislative reforms , to strengthen stability and promote coexistence and reconciliation in the region .
The question is therefore : which taxes should be increased ?
I will try to answer .
Of course , due to the Treaty of Lisbon , which is exactly coming into force , Parliament will , in general , need additional capacity for legislative activity , but with the introduction of the Statute for parliamentary assistants from the beginning of the current parliamentary term , there is still no proof that MEPs actually need even more assistants .
I would like to emphasise one more principle .
We therefore supported the proposal to reject this agreement and I regret that it was not accepted .
Some can see irony in this : hopefully we will not move from a chaotic air situation in another .
The new rules on the transportation of people should not dramatically affect the freedom of organs at a lower level to organise themselves their public transport .
However , in its illegal unhindered , they depend on the protection of the advertisements that are at a certain cost to help refugees to cross the Sinai border , even without the necessary documents .
It is also important that civil society be included in institutional action to eradicate trafficking in human beings and to carry out awareness campaigns and clarification for the most vulnerable groups .
Naturally , the role of catalyst .
He has once again addressed the most precious characteristics of its dictatorship .
Moreover , your thoughts are also inadequate , as the market has been used as it is uniformly high .
I would like to end , Mr President , by raising the following considerations in response to some specific questions .
There are much more opportunities there for improvement , and they must be dealt with critical of the European Commission .
Since the ICT sector accounts for 5 % of the European GDP of a market value of EUR 3 billion per year and a much greater contribution to increasing the common productivity ( 20 % direct from the ICT sector , how does the Commission intend to deal with the fragmentation of the digital markets ?
Cross-border cooperation in the area of unitary patent protection ( debate )
Question Time ( Commission )
Health care was exceeded and there are far more serious health problems in resolving the simple subsidising of large pharmaceutical companies .
This is probably a directive that contains the most stringent rules in the world on the factors affecting wages .
This Europe has given its neighbours , including those in Central and Eastern Europe , the prospect of membership .
Madam President , I am finishing .
Mr President , I would like to turn the House 's attention from the lifts and to return to the issue of vaccines which prevent deaths .
These efforts are very important , as access to the area is crucial for international trade and transport of goods .
The latter can guide their advertisements to a consumer profile and avoid the audience group .
Although the discharge process is now focused on 2009 , it is important to draw lessons for the future and also to finally simplify financial management .
Thirdly , in the event of an accident , with what resources we have to avoid the pollution of the coastline ?
It is good that months after the actual launch of activity take stock and see whether everything goes smoothly or , let me say , in a more precise words , if it seems to be doing something that it is smoothly .
You spoke of mobilising the states sharing your liberal economic forecasts , which oppose protectionism at this stage .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in my opinion , industrial policy , which focuses exclusively on businesses operating in an international plan and using smart technology , is not the best way to success .
However , we maintain constant contacts with its representatives , particularly in relation to the progress of the dialogue process , and we also believe in the future to continue in the same way .
We must also make sure that we have sufficient funds in the flexibility instrument so that we can react and change our priorities .
The horizontal areas of cooperation in the region where greater involvement is expected to be included in the EU , constitute a very extensive list .
Is it appropriate for the European Union to use public money to subsidy groups for pressure ?
Today , on behalf of my group , I would like to express our solidarity with the entire agricultural sector and , in particular , with the strike of dairy farmers and their actions throughout Europe .
Subject : European beef and cattle meat products
It is clear from it that there is huge interest in the Arctic 's natural resources .
I listened carefully to all the speeches and I have certainly seen Parliament 's unanimous opinion .
The first is to overcome the poorly mismanagement of the socialists , by reinforcing political and economic dynamics and stability in Hungary and by bringing the debt level .
So far , this proposal is ignored , which shows that it is truly true : the new Member States are considered second-class members of the European Union .
In Belarus , youth organisations are not allowed to operate freely ; instead , they must work illegally .
Unfortunately , Turkish labour law is still not in line with European standards and often employers benefit from this situation as much .
( CS ) Thank you , Madam President .
It is therefore a contradiction - it is not possible to have an increase of EUR 300 million , and , at the same time , not to increase .
I have done this five years ago and it is about a more traumatic process in which I also have to see the people that the Member States have proposed to unblock the Commission .
They are emigrating because they do not have opportunities for careers , professional salaries or research centres , but not employ new students , because not only have funds but they are missing them from adopting new groups and developing new ideas .
We can do this together .
Another thing is that it is a appreciating that it is counting the Palestinians , dramatic murdered , while being used as human shields without sacrificing this with the Israelis who have been killed and the thousands who live under threat , because they can not compensate for more harm .
Around 8 of 10 children in the European Union use the Internet and I believe that we must make particular care to protect the most vulnerable children against ill-treatment , grooming and harassment .
I must also say clearly that these criteria were set out by the Member States and they are not required to approve the Commission .
The social stigma that continues to be predominant on this issue and the continuing spread of disease , with high mortality and particularly destructive consequences for the least developed countries , as well as those in the worst humanitarian situation , must mobilise the state of concern and involvement of EU institutions and Member States to provide the available resources to carry out an inclusive and effective response , capable of ensuring the necessary harmonisation of prevention and adequate treatment of the disease .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , adopting these amendments to the 2011 draft budget , the Committee on Budgets wanted to act responsibly .
The implementation of constitutional changes in a transparent and inclusive manner is essential for Turkey 's progress .
We have already succeeded in hard work to reach a compromise that will benefit patients who will be protected against a false time of waiting , and , at the same time , we have achieved a balance that will ensure that Member States are able to monitor what is happening from a medical and financial perspective .
This dependence jeopardises the economic returns of local meat and is increasingly dependent on additional costs for feed imports , despite the fact that , in addition to the economic problem and in anticipation of climate change , protein production would contribute significantly to reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
It was said that they were given a written permission for the Christmas Office , but Christmas was on Saturday .
No country likes to be taken away from the sovereign territory , as was the case with Georgia .
Of course , we do not have any great progress with the recognition of Kosovo , as many people would like to have liked , including those in Kosovo .
It would be a very unfortunate if the establishment of the Ecolabel failed due to bureaucratic obstacles .
I would call on the Heads of State or Government of the European Council in June to discuss this issue .
I will comment on some of these areas .
Given that animal welfare is one of the Swedish Presidency 's priorities and given that countries such as Ireland have already successfully implemented animal welfare schemes with regard to the transportation of live animals , including the ETS of animal welfare scheme , ensuring that our export refunds are more powerful and better prepared to withstand the Swedish Presidency is planning to take into account such living schemes in order to ensure a balance between sustainable export of living animals and to safeguard animals in every single animal welfare legislation ?
In the current situation , when energy is used as a political instrument , the importance of this fact can not be underestimated .
It is in our interest that we adopt the proposal to work in defence of our values and interests in a constructive dialogue , cooperation which we hope will bring tangible results in the future .
I was not among those who supported it .
It will be responsible for implementing the strategy in the Council and for the launch of its implementation .
We would have been able to do better if we were clear principles and we were to have congratulated the responsibility for implementing and developing these principles of companies themselves .
Indeed , even the farmers ' organisations are now recognising that not more than 9 % of products will have to disappear , not immediately , but gradually , for several years .
At the same time , I think that the time has come to start thinking about how to redefine the pilot strategy again in question .
We have seen this threat in the debate today .
There are other ideas concerning the roll-call vote on the legislative reports , not for any final vote , but for the final vote on legislative reports , which I think I mentioned earlier .
The members of the national parliaments should take the baton and intervene to their governments , so that the latter does not make it meaningless that the European Parliament offers for Europe that protects the rights of its citizens .
Everyone knows how serious it is .
We fully support the resolution on mass atrocities in Nigeria , which unfortunately constitute only one aspect of the deteriorating human rights situation in the country .
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) contains potential to exert an extremely negative impact on civil liberties and today 's vote does nothing to reduce these fears .
Mr Monks attempted to bring the government without the involvement of Mr Zelaya and Congress has delayed the vote to be not to return to power .
I am pleased that the Commission is aware of the important role played by the business industry .
This topic raises a large number of political , legal issues and issues relating to security that need an additional study and consultation , and which - this is also very important - will require the commitment of the Justice and Home Affairs Ministers .
But before we criticise we should put our own house in order .
The information that is confusing for the general public does not mean , therefore , that we should not be more worried about climate change , but it means that more research is needed .
The fourth important element is the package of coordination of economic policies presented by Commissioner Rehn on 12 May , which was addressed yesterday in the Ecofin Council yesterday .
The management and planning of the land is the responsibility of each Member State .
I share the concerns about animal welfare , but I want a realistic regulation that allows for animal trade , which is legal and proper controlled , and I would like to say that we do not need additional regulations .
For this reason , the use of the instrument within the 2011 budget is linked to the need to finance the Lifelong Learning programmes and Competitiveness and Innovation Programmes - included within the framework of the EU 2020 strategy - and the provision of funding for financial assistance to Palestine , the peace process and the UN Agency for the support of the Palestinian refugees in the Middle East ( South-East ) .
I know that this issue is not addressed in the report , but I believe that we should follow this aspect very carefully , as this is linked to our fellow citizens ' consequences .
Commissioner , I would like to ask you to be particularly vigilant in this regard .
I believe that a clearer picture will only arise when it is completely obvious what will happen with Turkey 's accession to the EU and what status Russia will have with regard to the Union .
We must define jointly the necessary action at EU level , which will supplement national actions with a positive social effect .
This political support is vital , all the more so , as there is a risk , and I strongly emphasise that Moldova is considered a local problem that is a step towards becoming a refugee problem within the European Union .
There are significant differences between these countries , and where the general principles of the Financial Stability Council have been made available , remain too much room for manoeuvre in their application , in fact , at European level , this was necessary to ensure that Member States implement the text of the directive consistently .
I believe that we must stop this process temporarily .
The first will be able to use 2014 and will ensure that we are aware , better than a metre , while the accuracy of GPS is a few metres .
However , we must do this in a way that the Afghans should be included and which respects their dignity and , of course , as a top priority , include - whether it likes to be given to some people - the dignity of women .
However , it is important that the activities of export credit agencies be subject to strict supervision in order to avoid future difficulties .
The greatest challenge of the time we live and the unique need to use mechanisms themselves in themselves unique , to help the unemployed and to promote their reintegration into the labour market , become clear when these problems are exacerbated by the current lack of confidence in the markets and the contraction of investments .
There are grounds for pessimism .
The tobacco stops to act and are now losing their strength .
I am delighted to extend copyright duration to 70 years or 95 years , and I am confused with it not because it is questionable and not in keeping with the digital age , but because it is very clear , one action will be , first and foremost , to benefit the industry 's interests , but not artists who are fighting for survival .
We are not always the same bank structures .
I welcome the resolution , which aims to simplify public procurement rules , while contributing to increasing levels of legal certainty .
Finally , I do not fully believe in reading the draft joint resolution that we will vote on on Thursday .
In any case , by the Bureau , presenting proposals , I said that this amendment is valid only because of the part which is changing .
For all these areas , we must ensure a strong and sustainable structure as quickly as possible to ensure that we can provide a common set of rules independently of whether it is about the accounts of the Member States , for their behaviour in economic governance or for the reform of our financial services .
If we fail to reach agreement - and now it is the last moment that we can do this - we will lose almost EUR 349 million from the margins for 2010 and we will therefore lose the opportunity to get the opportunity in the framework of the margins for 2011 .
This instrument complements our policy very well to demand that other countries support human rights .
What I propose is , in fact , a momentum for transforming Europe .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the right to asylum is one of the fundamental values of the European Union and no one is able to argue for it to be a public in his speeches .
I voted in favour of the report on the assessment of the action plan for animal welfare 2006-2010 .
This was a fundamental requirement for our group .
For Islamic immigrants , this will also have an impact over Europe and we must prepare ourselves for a similar chance .
The Commission has proposed the mobilisation of EUR 114 per inhabitant and I support the proposal .
We would have put a break with peace , we would bring everything that we have achieved and everything that we want to achieve in the coming years .
It is essential to reopen this dialogue .
Mrs Ashton will now continue to work on this framework together with the European Parliament and will propose a final decision to the next year .
Our group voted for this , as 16 of the 17 amendments have been adopted or included in the compromise amendments proposed by the rapporteur , including the amendment , rejecting the application to be linked to closer cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) .
In the same way , even in terms of immigration , Member States must take a serious consideration of MEPs .
As rapporteur for the Committee on International Trade , I hope that increased sums under heading 4 ( EU as a global partner ) be invested in their own and spent monitoring so as to stimulate greater trade flows , and , among removing obstacles , we should achieve higher GDP and employment growth .
Meanwhile , the EU is calling on and will call on Belarus to take further irreversible steps towards democratic standards without which our relations can not develop their full potential .
At the same time , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that , in discussing energy efficiency and especially the security of supply and the associated diversification of energy sources , we somehow overlook one source of energy .
So what the Irish , not only do they expect from the European Union , in my opinion , is totally logical .
( FR ) Mr President , my question will be very brief , as this debate is very thorough , and I have the feeling that , leaving some excesses aside , we share the same anxiety .
The problems relating to reduced production levels affect the ordinary people working for these companies most of all .
We introduced legislation that is not scientifically substantiated , and we are putting European farmers , in an extremely negative situation .
The technical measures currently set out by the outdated regulation , amended by successive transitional measures and continued by 30 June 2011 , as no agreement was reached with the Council on the Commission proposal of 2008 on a new regulation aimed at simplifying and clarifying existing legislation in order to ensure more effective enforcement of the rules and take into account local fisheries specificities .
The resistance to antibiotics is actually the biggest threat that we are facing , for health , both people and animals .
This morning , we have marked the 100th anniversary of International Women 's Day .
In the opinion of fishermen , this significant report should have a huge impact on the structure of the future common fisheries policy in relation to market organisation .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of the resolution on officially supported export credits .
It must be created for SMEs to receive appropriate support under Union regional policy , given their importance in improving social relations in urban areas or thinly populated areas .
( SV ) Mr President , the number of products covered by this legislation , which can also be used for civilian and military purposes , is much more than we thought at the beginning .
On this point , let me say that , as it is about gold mining systems , rather than the potatoes , the inadvertently could easily provide adequate economic and financial resources for research research , which are compatible with the environment and safety for the health .
I hope that the Commission will commit to all the Pacific States , but in the meantime , to the interim EPA with Papua New Guinea and Fiji , which will serve as an example of what we can achieve in the future .
However , the Commission has certain obligations arising from the Euratom Treaty .
Their shelter is the responsibility of the African Union , the Arab League or the terrible protocol .
I welcome innovation in the Treaty of Lisbon and not least the existence of a permanent Presidency of the European Union , because this provides continuity and consistency in the long term .
Documents received : see Minutes
For example , in the city of a name , a prison for a prison , a bombardment of treatment for people infected by tuberculosis .
In addition to all of this , I would like to emphasise two points that I consider to be important : the establishment of control outside the Union and the extraterritoriality of the Convention ; in other words , its application in all acts of the Union , including outside the EU .
This process , as mentioned in the proposal , is bureaucratic and we as Parliament have the right to seek ways of reducing this bureaucracy and putting in place a more comprehensive process .
For example , it is not including foreign and defence policy , nor is it intended to free the Commission from its task adequately to carry out , oversee the correct application of all texts .
The minority groups ' interest are numerous .
The precondition for carrying out ex-post audit activity is the existence of a sufficiently significant number of requests for reimbursement of costs presented by beneficiary countries .
Most want healthcare to be paid close to home and in their own language .
This includes cases of refusal to grant citizenship , imprisonment , limited access to education , parental exclusion in marriage , restrictions on freedom of movement and the destruction of mosques , churches and other places of worship .
For years , they often survived military forces .
Ladies and gentlemen , two days ago , four schools in the town of White National Day .
Despite all , there are now 154 countries that have abolished the death penalty in the right or practice .
The whole idea , even the whole argument , in favour of the existence of the Treaty of Lisbon - everything that was intended to show convincingly citizens why they must provide more EU powers - is precisely what we are going back today , after we received what we wanted .
I believe it is a success that the European Parliament - against the will of the Council , extended the scope of the regulation for regular internal and cross-border long-distance transport services of 250 km or more , while the Council proposed a minimum distance of 500 km .
A new EU political framework for combating violence against women ( debate )
I would like to assure you that we are adopting the consultation very seriously .
The aim of these agreements was not to allow disruption to trade , but they do not necessarily lead to a comprehensive EPA .
Today , on the plenary session , we voted on in relation to the report on agriculture and international trade .
They have said that this enhanced cooperation , which currently includes 25 of the 27 Member States , could be used to fragmentation of the Single Market .
I have also taken note of your critical remarks to the Commission on the need to improve its activities in relation to the implementation of the budget .
The discrepancy also argues that , following the signing of this agreement , solidarity between the Pacific States has fallen dramatically , which creates the sense of separation , and this leads to a break-up of certain regional groups , due to the pressure being put in connection with the signing of interim agreements .
The first concerns the mechanism for Greece , which the Council has decided and for which I have serious doubts .
The report is also debated and what role there should be Eurojust in such conflicts of jurisdiction .
We have been asked to do so , but it seems that in this particular case we have not done so .
The Swedish Presidency has stated that the strategy for countries in the Baltic Sea region is one of the priority issues .
The problem is not solved with stress tests for an incident .
The security and control of security have a crucial role to ensure that the projects are reformed , but provided that the administrative burden for small and medium-sized enterprises - the driving force of the EU economy - is minimised .
I would like to emphasise that the rapporteur 's rapporteur has fulfilled its duty perfectly .
The time has come for this process to finally end .
The report on Alzheimer 's disease contains alarming statistics : it is estimated that the number of people worldwide suffering from dementia from any nature is worth EUR 35.6 million .
This means abolishing the military situation and involving all democratic forces in the steps that are taking place now .
This represents a small part of the money allocated amounting to EUR 46 million .
I believe that we all agree with the principle we are debating this morning , but it should not be applied only in the European Union and throughout the world .
The European Council of 19 and 20 March therefore welcomed President Barroso 's announcement that the Commission intends to propose an increase in the IMF amounting to EUR 50 billion to the financial balance .
Cooperation at political , social and technical level is essential to achieving the single European sky objectives .
The final text of the AVMS Directive is not directly established the obligation to establish independent authorities .
Investment in the Internet , infrastructure restructuring of the dairy sector , renewable energy , biodiversity protection and water resources are key to resolving a large percentage of problems in these regions and create alternatives to people living there .
It is very unfortunate that the Brussels conference coincides with the session .
The report clarifies its scope and adapting it to the real needs of the common fisheries policy in the context of the current new Treaty of Lisbon , which is why I appreciate it positive .
In 2004 , I attended a delegation which visited the Committee on the training of the Swiss Parliament .
However , above all , as reported by Amnesty International , these improvements have only been met to a very limited degree .
As a neighbouring European country , which wants to join the EU in future , Ukraine must receive a clear political signal to encourage authorities to implement a reform package approved by the EU .
It is extremely important to create interesting and responsible contributions to university programmes that offer good professional opportunities .
We also welcome the fact that the report also provides for - if there is a change in pension provision - sufficient time to adapt people to consider their financial future .
Lastly , associations and assumptions are advocating the protection of the interests of illegally staying workers in a country so that they can lodge a signal of dishonest employers without fear of subsequent persecution .
The debate is closed .
Mr Monks has come very well in his hearing in the European Parliament and his candidacy did not give rise to any doubt .
We must stop further deepening the problem immediately .
It is important that we do everything we can to tackle this problem , as it causes major difficulties to the people entering the industry from this type .
This issue has many aspects and many of them are included in the report .
The truth is that the Council has given even more powers to the European Parliament , including powers over the UK economy , which is the most important problem for the British people today .
The Partnership Agreement , which allows EU vessels to fish into the waters of the Comoros in return to financial support , will undoubtedly contribute to strengthening the region 's economy .
I share the concern that it is difficult to tackle this fierce trade , as well as the terrible consequences for the people who are deprived of their organs , whether forced or not : a severe decline in life , chronic illnesses and , in many cases , death .
in writing . - ( PT ) I voted against this motion for a resolution .
One year later , the consequences of the disaster in Haiti are severe and from a human , economic and social perspective in the country is chaotic .
For example , by checking tyre pressure , we can reduce fuel consumption and , hence , the harmful emissions , by introducing a modern electronic system for control of governance a year before the number of accidents on European roads are reached .
Belarus must be supported in any possible way in its development towards operational democracy and human rights within the EU 's Eastern Partnership .
In other words , it notes the emergence of genuine legislative power for European citizens , as the Commission will be obliged to respond to this citizens ' initiative by awarding an examination or proposing a directive .
To be honest , concessions that Europe has made in the agricultural sector raise legitimate concerns and raise specific issues : what is the justification for the quotas allocated by Europe in the rice and sugar sectors that exceed the most promising opportunities of these countries ?
However , I have the impression that an attempt is being made to reconcile this established movement to impose discrimination against the family based on a man between a man and woman , and against religious freedom , particularly as regards religious schools .
in writing . - ( FR ) According to the EPAs sugar and bananas coming from ACP countries will not be allowed to have markets in the outermost French regions for ten years , on renewable basis , thereby protecting the production of these two pillars of agriculture in the countries concerned .
I have also heard five hundred texts !
This is not fair .
However , the data can be used without direct monitoring of their quantity and quality only if there is a sound database .
We believe that the fight against illegal employment can not be seen as a result of the magnitude .
I accept the criticism that I spoke to a single minute with which you were absent .
It is therefore very important to deepen cooperation between Member States and third countries , to ensure dialogue with non-governmental organisations and to call on the Commission to establish a European coordinator on these issues .
The United States and Japan will not reach a deal , as they protect their own producers and the high standard that value .
I appeal to the Council and perhaps to all of us , to discuss very carefully how sensible it is to put ambitious environmental targets and to discuss them , and to welcome them here , but always when the time comes to their application and transformation into specific legislation , then it is the tragedy in Europe .
Whether we will achieve this by extension of the mandate or creating a mechanism that will be able to inherited the work of the Tribunal is not a first question for us ; and , as far as we can see , we could perhaps find some way out of the judges , lawyers and the secretariat in a regime of waiting .
As we have already mentioned , we must be more flexible in order to be able to respond more efficiently .
Can this be an inferior effect of the free trade agreement ?
Today , religious freedom is under pressure and a widespread rejection of religion , where an attempt is being made to eliminate the most vulnerable world of the individual of the public life .
That is how key matters are concerned .
( Parliament agreed to the request )
The situation of the most deprived persons in the Member States should be held in the Member States or municipalities .
It was subsequently to resign , because the leadership of the group accused of the screen that ( as you know ) is one of the most serious crimes in Italy when it comes from the dominant town , from the dominant culture in Italy , the most beautiful to the Left forces only look at the first people in the most oppressed party , amongst whom all - from bankers to some degree , the most dangerous and journalists from the country .
At present , they have been 12 months , but I am delighted that there is a compromise , as I am basically a positive person .
These documents are quite openly calling for a rethink in the first pillar and also for automatic increases in the retirement age based on life expectancy .
All of this as we have set the Europe 2020 strategy into the 2020 strategy .
What we are seeing is so often in life , unfortunately also happening in this case with industrial plants .
China is taking place in Tibet .
It is clear that political decision makers , which were taken with regard to Kozloduy , can not be a lasting solution in the forthcoming development of the European Union 's energy mix .
It should ensure equal social protection and women 's rights , when they are employed in family business and , among other things , market risks , production and financial crisis , provide for the optimum regime for their own social and health insurance .
( FR ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , I would like to thank the Swedish Presidency and congratulate them on the remarkable job of the job .
Since poverty and social exclusion have a multicultural nature , we must systematically incorporate them into other policies so that all EU citizens can have a decent living .
As you know , there is a consultation document drafted in a spirit of the fine .
Personally , I was in the Kivu region in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo , where this terrible practice is used regularly by soldiers and members of armed groups .
I insist that the EU institutions should be investigated by the experience of macro-financial assistance to Ukraine and avoid further delays .
We therefore believe that we will respect this policy and we will always be very clear in a situation where we know and have undeniable evidence of the existence of such cases .
However , the proposals made by the European Commission , as a result of the guidelines of the Council , are very worrying , both in terms of excessive deficit and in terms of the communication on increasing the retirement age .
Madam President , since there are some positive developments in Russia , we would like to amend the sentence starting with : 'The authorities unfortunately have been the most protracted authorisation of all the demonstrations by the wayside .
The people who are afraid to flee independently of forty and eight years of ceasefire announced by the government .
In particular , an interim agreement was concluded with Papua New Guinea and the Republic of Fiji Fiji , which is to be able to achieve its goal , namely to protect the sugar industry and tuna production .
In the negotiations , a large delegation from the European Parliament , whose Members are today among us .
These include , for example , the loss of economic growth opportunities , the weakening of the tax base and the corresponding consequences of public investment , increased costs for social support , or even the risk of the unemployment and social exclusion .
There are countries that will not require the number of personal card .
It is a shame that we try to create a sense of security to the public and consumers that the food they buy in supermarkets or the shops is safe .
If the light of this outbreak , we will not control development in these countries .
( Applause )
Moreover , a more roll-call votes mentioned in the Court of Strasbourg , not only is it up to court , but also proposes a rise .
Obviously , the crisis would be a bad thing if it could have solved with four billion compared to the Member States of the European Union .
What will remain after the expiry of these five years ?
Other amendments have highlighted the need to strengthen the management of resources and the traceability of fishery products , as well as responsible consumption , and have noted that the source of fish supplies is limited to a volume of natural resources , meaning that there is a limit for how much fish they can catch , landing and consumed .
On congratulations , however , I have not heard the congratulations to the Catholic Church , and in particular to Parliament as its role , which has proved fundamental in the defence of all in Cuba , which is fighting for freedom and dignity .
Secondly , the European Union is the only interested in the Arctic , which has been fully recognised that , as a reunification of industrialised countries , is responsible , along with other industrialised areas , for the changes that are taking place in the Arctic .
This is true of a more global scale .
The Commission proposes mobilising the European Union Solidarity Fund for Poland , Slovakia , Hungary , the Czech Republic , Croatia and Romania , on the basis of item 26 of the interinstitutional agreement of 17 May 2006 on budgetary discipline and sound financial management ( IIA ) .
In my opinion , the Commission project must be better prepared and therefore , it is necessary for more time to take its decision .
We must respect international law and the UN Charter for the world of peace and solidarity .
The armed conflict with participants in a peaceful demonstration and arrested leaders of the opposition and the presidential candidates in the opposition elections is a flagrant violation of human rights and shows that they are abandoned measures capable of improving relations with democratic countries in Europe .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that Parliament should be closely monitoring the way in which the agreement is developed and observed , and the Commission must ensure it .
We therefore need to use discharge as a cause of impulse to push these changes .
I would stress that biodiversity conservation is of fundamental importance for the quality of ecosystems , there is a direct impact on important functions such as food production or water and prevents landslides and flooding .
Therefore , the observations and recommendations made by the report on the most problematic policies in this area are welcome , as they affect the scope and purpose of State aid .
Well , man must be completely insane in order to accept sharia as the basis of human rights , do you not think ?
It is also important for Tunisia to accept back those who have reached the territory of EU Member States and do not need international protection .
This is also the case in which this flexibility will allow Member States to use when the Commission does not exercise its competence , an institutional framework to help citizens obtain access to justice in third countries , particularly in the field of anti-discrimination issues .
The right to fair prices are being used and they need a proper price support system for guaranteeing a reasonable minimum price for a litre and a reasonable income for their survival .
Firstly , the current regulation expires on 31 December 2011 .
At present , there is no question of who is to represent our interests in this area .
I hope that this report will be available before the second reading of the text .
( The Rules of Procedure )
Small and therefore SMEs are more cost-effective than these complex tax systems .
Of course we support it .
Honourable Members will notice that the EU institutions and , in particular , the Commission show a significant political commitment to fundamental rights and freedom of information , freedom of expression and freedom of the media .
My group considers that this package should contain three main elements .
They support the plan of the Middle East plan , which was approved by the EU and whose aim is to honour the imperialists throughout the region .
We have good arguments that we can make ourselves constantly in order to ensure food security in Europe in the future .
Global climate warming caused by human activity is a fact .
We are interested in some colleagues seeking to water down the criticism against human rights history in Russia .
When it comes to human rights , it seems to me that , for example , as far as the press is concerned , India has better legislation than some Member States of the European Union .
That is how we are to labelling .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to congratulate my fellow Member on the outstanding work of this report , which is so technical , but it involves real consequences for the security of the citizens of Europe .
The clearest example of the change in President Obama 's approach is the intention of closing Guantánamo Bay .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( DE ) Mr Barroso , what do you think about the idea of creating a European institution to promote renewable energy production , to secure energy in terms of environmental and to save energy within the EU Treaty ?
The oil tanker may also arise in other sectors such as the pig sector .
The regional dimension should be present and contributes to showing the usefulness of cohesion policy for the European Union .
I served the British Government in the peace process in Northern Ireland .
Finally , we need to have a European bond market .
This concern is justified in the sense that the European Parliament has repeatedly seen the case of universal respect for human rights in Lithuania from the government of this country .
Madam President , I fear that these concerns have been exacerbated by a political target of certain factions here and elsewhere in Europe , and I would like to make it clear that , as regards our future energy mix , which does not fear and panic and deals with the subject of nuclear energy based on scientific evidence .
I agree that the permitted levels of radioactive contamination must be reviewed regularly in order to take account of the latest international scientific excellence and scientific advice and avoid existing deviations in legislative practice .
It is very important for innovation to come from laboratories and research centres and to be used so that they meet the needs of European citizens .
This proposal is proving the burden of proof that , frankly , is unacceptable .
If , at the end of the process , Iran 's fundamentalist regime has had its influence in the region , in particular , by controlling the internal affairs of Iraq , then this region will be further than peace in the future and the world will face a greater threat .
The increase has now risen to 11 - of the 11 % just one year ago - has actually risen more than doubled .
If we analyse the economic situation of the Warsaw , without including a city of Warsaw , it is clear that the gross domestic product of a significant part of the region is far less than 75 % , and something more , it is even lower than that of the poorest regions of the European Union , which shows that we need further aid .
We are on maximum restrictions .
As a new Member State with totalitarian experiences our Community membership is of great importance for us and we consider it to be our moral duty to strengthen cooperation with those who have remained outside .
I voted for this proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the Council on the strategic partnership between the European Union and Brazil because I believe that this is beneficial to both sides and can contribute to developing relations between these two subjects in order to assist the common good and in both areas and throughout the world .
I hope nobody does feel that Lukashenko 's regime is an authoritarian regime , but it is also totalitarian , just like the Castro regime in Cuba .
How can we help to get a situation in this situation ?
I would also like to add straight away from this .
We definitely have to remember this .
I therefore support every initiative to give up the Strasbourg seat .
Mr Barroso , I know that you do not think that millions of unemployed and additional social exclusion are an acceptable price to inject for fast-start fiscal consolidation , but it seems to be the way that moves .
At present , approximately 14 million Europeans are developing some kind of dementia , and Alzheimer 's disease is responsible for half of cases .
The European Commission is the largest donor of official development aid by providing EUR 49 billion a year , however , it is not enough .
The agreement reached on 15 December 2009 between the EU , a group of Latin American countries and the United States on customs duties on banana imports , seems to be beneficial , but it does not fully reconcile the legitimate interests of all parties .
Madam President , I have an oral amendment to two amendments .
However , I believe that , although the 2011 budget is not bad , it could have been better .
However , they have something to do with a common , namely to provide an economic comfort for balancing the negative aspects of island regions .
We , in turn , are taking the obligation to address the proposal on the order of fast production .
Mr President , Commissioner , the motions for resolutions that have been presented in Parliament make it clear that Parliament - as has already been pointed out - is not sufficiently informed about the specific state of the negotiations .
I also welcome the fact that in his speech he recognised that , in the North Sea , the United Kingdom and Norway are already working with the highest standards in the world .
I met him for his famous night , and I was very impressed by him once again in Brussels and I was very impressed by him .
Bringing the agreed recommendations in a single Community legislative act will simplify administration and increase the effectiveness which is something that must be welcomed .
However , we can hope that common sense can help the various political elements to take a closer look at what is right and fair when it comes to moving forward on the road to European unity .
More than 70 000 people died in this conflict .
We will have to use the opportunities that the Treaty of Lisbon gives to pave the way for the next COP .
That is why Europe - a Europe that rejects eurobonds , a Europe that refuses to tax financial transactions - is a Europe that will destroy its own European project itself .
Parliament 's report is the first consideration of the implementation of this new instrument and has a double purpose :
This report contains many of the decisions .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur and the political groups on the excellent work of this report , which I fully support .
This will be an automatic cultural visa .
They provide answers before the consequences of implementing the decision is mentioned .
I hope that the second Barroso Commission will be able to combine the technical competences with what is more ' .
Today 's day marks the beginning , but not the end of our cooperation .
This position was supported in the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , Commissioner , I will start by thanking you for the comprehensive information provided and I assure you that I welcome the measures that you have taken .
The Commission should therefore concentrate on three things : the allocation of funds is not too difficult in administrative terms , the Commission should take effective measures to provide the funds that are actually to fulfil their target and use of segregation , which are restricted .
Secondly , a problem with the voting order that was fortunately resolved , questioned , in a doubt that a major political problem can be solved here : through the hot political whim and , subsequently , charges to the administration that can not do anything on this matter .
However , in order to tackle the situation , there must be some adjustments that have been identified .
To criticise and blame the PMOI , one of the most flagrant opposition movements of the people of Iran , without real proof of a terrible kind of attempt to be the most dangerous fundamentalist regime of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
We , the UKIP members , voted in favour of these amendments mainly because we oppose the budget increasing and because the restriction of the spending of these budget lines , as proposed by the European Conservatives and Reformists group , could lead to a reduction in payments outside the budget .
in writing . - ( NL ) It is good that the Hungarian Prime Minister clearly emphasised its readiness to correct the new media law if the EU is to ask that .
Madam President , after the fiction and the Italian Members from the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , perhaps we can already put a stop to the land again .
According to the principle of subsidiarity , it is best for the matter of taxation to be left to European nations .
Although a little controversial , the claim is quite rightly so when we think about the importance of women in rural life or in farms .
Unfortunately , the current proposals for the EU 2020 strategy are telling me that , once again , this can remain just empty words , if we can not take into account the views of those who will have to implement the strategy , in other words , young people .
Let us now start on the agenda and then we can again return to all your questions on the part-session on 5 and 6 May .
It is a deep sea that is widespread corruption and smuggling of weapons and drugs who have suffered the unrest in the region .
The European arrest warrant means that British citizens charged with a crime from another Member State of the European Union now can not be protected by the British courts or even by the Minister of the Interior , even if there is obviously a serious injustice .
However , this resolution rightly underlines that 'the total cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ' , including the transfer of the last two Hague people of the Hague , is a key condition for Serbia 's progress towards EU membership ' .
The UN facilities were attacked .
The transport system is modern applications aimed at proposing innovative services in terms of modes of transport and traffic management , enabling different users to be better informed and contribute to safer , more easily and more easily used to transport networks .
The campaign for an economic superstate launched over recent days will turn not only Greece but also all 27 EU Member States into the European Union in the most prosperous .
Romania is the European country , which is probably most serious abuses of international adoption over the years , immediately after the fall of communism .
Today , I will find the most glaring question for the future .
The European Union 's agricultural sector plays an important role in the Europe 2020 strategy in terms of the various social and economic challenges .
Can we call good Europeans if we did not do so ?
Like others , I believe that this is a foundation , not an end .
This is more than in any other country .
The second is that I can only interpret in the sense that our rights have been extended .
I would also ask you to commit to the improvements required in sales of products .
Small and medium-sized enterprises , in particular , want legal certainty and fast procedures .
The answer was : how you can ask us this kind of thing , everything is at the norm .
That is the question .
We need strong financial support for the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development to reduce the differences between rural and urban areas .
You mentioned some of them - you have spoken themselves .
If a property is given to rental or sold , we can not prevent extremists from left left or from making it .
There are still many other ways of creating employment as strategic investment or training in the future sectors .
We must therefore work at two complementary levels at the same time .
No one can allow anyone who has been unarmed people and used every possible way to avoid justice and relatives of the victims , to be perceived as a victim of persecution and to create dangerous precedents for the detriment of the law and society .
That is precisely what is important if we want to break down complex links between political and economic power in Belarus .
The Commission will propose recommendations to the Council to end the excessive deficit situations .
In this regard , I would also repeat the importance of the cohesion policy of the European Union , the funds which will be extremely useful for this purpose .
I firmly believe that , in the interests of our citizens , the Council must bear in mind that Russia is and will continue to be necessary , useful and equal partner in our geopolitical area .
I insist on the firm action by the Spanish Government in response to this major humiliation for all the more dramatic .
We need a broad energy saving programme and also an ambitious and long-term approach to renewable energy .
Finally , it is useful because sustainable fisheries in the region is a mechanism for objective analysis of fisheries resources and creates a mechanism for scientific cooperation for the purpose .
We are not going on very often to have the opportunity to discuss with you personally such important issues of the European Union 's foreign policy , so thank you very much for coming out .
Written statements ( Rule 142 )
In turn , Europe can launch a similar programme for Haiti .
Furthermore , the creation of a suitable unit in the European External Action Service can resolve a large part of the current Black Sea Synergy .
In the Action Plan implementing the Stockholm Programme , the Commission committed itself to presenting a strategy for combating violence against women , domestic violence and genital mutilation .
A more prosperous country can be a united united - as was the Yugoslav Federation of Federation , and also the Ottoman Empire , the Ottoman Empire and the Soviet Union - but as soon as people were given the right to vote , they choose democratic self-determination .
In order to ensure the security of food supply at affordable prices , the EU must equip itself with a strong common agricultural policy ( CAP ) , which puts speculation on food commodities and helps young people to enter the agricultural sector .
Has new monopolies migrate on the Internet been lost ?
Today 's vote shows that this concept goes beyond all political differences .
When something fails , my most radical experience suggests that , at the bottom of the failure , they are governments rather than the parliaments .
We must not allow Zapata 's death to remain in history as nonsensical , and it must mark the end of the current human rights situation in Cuba .
Obviously , data protection legislation must be respected , but there must be a border : we can not hide behind data protection in terrorism .
If we take into account all these objectives , we must support the calls of these reports : for shared research and development , for developing common standards and common procurement systems , for example , this is what is intended to interoperability .
On the legislative proposals that have not yet been addressed to 1 December 2009 - the date of entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon - the President of the Commission calls for the parliamentary committees to which the legislative committees already have tabled proposals at the current period now in the existing legislation , as set out in the minutes of part-sessions , to verify the legal basis and procedural amendments proposed by the Commission , along with all the other amendments that should be made under the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon , and decide whether they intend to determine the consultation procedure adopted as first reading of the first reading of the legislation or the procedure .
However , the most dangerous sectors of work remains one of the most dangerous sectors .
Without protection against discrimination against these grounds , our drive towards a social Europe will be meaningless , especially in the current economic situation .
I would also like to confirm here in Parliament that we will provide Parliament with maximum information .
Secondly , we must not allow Serbia to be treated as a European country , a second class and to die it on every occasion .
If it is adopted in its current form , the text will give patients suffering from rare diseases , the possibility of travelling abroad and receiving any treatment that their country of origin should finance .
We must also be ashamed of another institutional issue , namely how the next Commission will be appointed .
We must condemn the violent repression against the opposition and counterfeiting of the results of the presidential elections .
in writing . - ( RO ) I believe that producers should also be actively involved at EU level in the waste process of electrical and electronic equipment ( WEEE ) .
Thank you for having been referred to the question of pensioners .
I am pleased that the Commissioner has highlighted the fact that the European Union budget is not the same as national budgets .
A clear definition of the ingredients of enzyme feed in the Community of origin labelling will make it easier for farmers to decide on the choice of the right type of feed .
The first point I would like to emphasise this is about the reforms .
The pretext of introducing a so-called premium premium , in other words , we have used the national budget to finance a scheme that strengthens the car industry .
The situation in the Horn of Africa is appalling .
I hope you will be able to provide us with this information in the near time .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
It acts , but it must be supported with adequate resources , so we must work to build our capacity and capabilities , both in both civil and military area and try at least to play our role as far as we can .
Let us not deceive ourselves , however .
Where were you 23 October 2006 when fourteen people were called on to be shot in the eyes of the rocket attack ?
This has proved to be a successful system .
It is not true that the number of asylum seekers are in line with the total number of commonly known as one tenth of the total number .
Thirdly , we need to develop a new concept of European solidarity .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats opposes discrimination and will always work to address it , but it must be allowed to argue in this House about how to achieve it .
In its Communication on media literacy of December 2007 , the Commission called on Member States to commit more effectively to media literacy and research into this area .
The summit was carefully prepared by the External Action Service in close cooperation with the Commission and the two Presidents , at the heart of the discussions in the European Council and the Council on Russia as a strategic partner at the end of 2010 and in January 2011 , the outcome of the previous EU-Russia Summit and the visit of the Russian Government in February .
We voted in favour of the current reports , only because there is no point to prevent Denmark from concluding agreements that wish to conclude and the opportunities to act differently under the current circumstances are a little .
When do we expect a standard that involves minimum size of the warning texts ?
( Applause )
Therefore , from the point of view of climate change , the fight against deforestation is an important priority .
We have been sending 600 police experts for civil government crisis situations under UN training standards , so they are improved , flexibility and interoperability of the police elements in the EU .
We believe that many of the views we have heard on this issue , including in this House , are wrong .
We therefore supported the original draft resolution tabled for discussion .
Although this is a compromise solution involving the victims of both Parliament and the Council , it prevented the introduction of the system of twelfths by the budget ' , which would have serious consequences for financing EU programmes .
Therefore , it is a fundamental issue - whether the proposal tabled aims to develop a number of EU countries or is also a serious step in the way towards building a separate military bloc such as NATO competition ?
Irish universities are facing a cut of 6 % , and Britain does not make an exception because , in England , the Council on the funding of higher education recognises that the possible cuts in higher education funds can reach EUR 500 million .
Is the aim of the European Union and the Treaty of Lisbon not to protect small countries ?
I therefore voted in favour of the report on the exercise of patients ' rights in cross-border healthcare .
However , citizens must be at least one quarter of the Member States - the number of citizens from each Member State must be at least equal to the number of MEPs from this Member State , the most responsible for a year of 750 , and citizens must be on the age that they give them the right to vote on the parliamentary elections .
The problem of counterfeit medicines does not have any respect for intellectual property .
In other countries , we have avoided conflict resolution by the African Union .
It is therefore crucial that we support our farmers and encourage European products that meet high standards and are healthy and safe .
The cooperation at EU level must not be at the expense of the quality of healthcare or of the more ethical choices made by Member States .
The next item is Question Time ( 90/314/EEC ) .
I have been told and I hoped that everything was just a bad dream , but you are here today , Mr Barroso .
In the night of 24 March 1949 , a wave of deportation from the Soviet authorities , which , on which tens of thousands of tons of the crowd , the most persecuted and Lithuanians have been violently taken away from their home countries .
In our view , patients are not just the subject of services provided by health workers nor the subject of financial interests from the pharmaceutical industry .
It does not deal with the causes of depth or looking for solutions .
The contribution also relates to the role of Eurocontrol , which we believe must undergo a complete reorganisation to ensure that it is good management and control of services .
In future , we will have to review the effectiveness of the EU budgetary framework in order to obtain common resources for action , indeed consistent with the reforms .
We are also developing our relations with Iraq .
I have therefore tabled an amendment calling on the Commission to recognise these remote communities in particular .
The lesson given by the Member States that came to the euro area without being ready for this should make us think seriously about setting realistic deadlines for time .
Of course , on the one hand , we can be proud that the idea of the European Union is taking place , the results of such excellent results , but , on the other hand , we must be aware that this project will never end , because the world is moving forward , Europe continues to develop , as well as the citizens of the European Union will continue to make the opportunities offered to use them the single market .
The common foreign and common economic policy are the necessary objectives of the process of European integration .
I say 'yes ' unfortunately , because intervention by such a kind implies a rather difficult situation .
Documents received : see Minutes
In December , it will be 17 years since I have arrived at Sweden itself as the war that I inherited my former country and became the most prosperous , Croats , Croats and Serbs , who lived up to before this together as neighbours in the self-proclaimed enemies .
The day of girls , for example , to encourage young women to take up technical professions , because it is in these professions that are poorly damaged , while at the same time modern society , people are not fully aware of the full spectrum of professions accessible to women .
It is important to find the best possible solution for the contractual relationship at international level and , at the same time , to provide more information in situations of this kind .
We do not have any significance to vote ; we know that savings will be done .
I hope that , as a result of the crisis , the trend of reducing the budget will not be increased even more , because then we will be even weaker and more fragile .
This must be the basis of our bilateral relations .
In order to do so , conditions must be imposed on third countries with which the European Union has trade agreements , and they must be similar to the standards imposed on manufacturers of the European internal market .
On the other hand , we are not first discussing the ambiguities and unacceptable behaviour of the Burmese regime .
It was promised to have been consulted on the philosophy of the future financing of the Union and how it is .
So if you wish during the Hungarian Presidency to discuss the policies and of Hungary , and the EU , we are ready and this will not cause us at least a inconvenience .
Over the last two years , over 170 000 people died alone because Christians were Christians as they do not believe .
The situation in the Caucasus must be taken seriously at the next summit between the EU and Russia .
Countries disagree with regard to the association .
The situation in Haiti is extremely serious , after all efforts by the international community have not helped to improve the situation in the country devastated by civil war and natural disasters , and now the cholera epidemic .
The financial crisis was a crisis of behaviour based on short-term profits , the most prominent and lacking in responsibility .
I am therefore grateful to the Commission and the Hungarian Government .
( HU ) Madam President , on its part , I would also like to congratulate the rapporteur .
Moreover , the rule says that five , and we gave the floor to 10 .
Then , we very clearly insisted on a coordinated approach in protecting the fragile environment - on protecting this wilderness , the final nature , which is now growing environmental issue .
Thank you .
However , some of the worst consequences have been felt by older women , women in rural areas and single mothers .
However , precisely because we still have no full credibility of the Kazakhstan government in respect of the rule of law , we must insist on an objectively investigation into the case .
In the past , fines had a weak impact in Belarus and elsewhere .
I still wish to believe that a radical change of European policy is possible .
Insurance companies will happily send patients across borders if there is a cheaper treatment option there .
Last year , we have been alerted to the results of Copenhagen , or to be more realistic to the lack of results .
During our previous discussions with Mr Van Rompuy , we found that the actions taken by the European Council in this regard were not the best that Europe can offer .
Progress in the last five years is too small .
I do not agree that we must adopt solutions at European level on problems where Member States have different attitudes according to their Christian traditions .
The most tangible offers something we expect , hope that people will be able to believe that in future , the situation will be better and hope is what is lacking in Belarus at a huge level of 19 December .
The free movement is one of the most important freedoms underpinning the European Union .
The development aid from USD 1 billion , which has been pouring into Africa for 60 years , only serves to catch the continent even more in the continent .
It is not perfect and it is not everything we would like , but we believe it is a good step in the right direction .
The procedure for relocations and guarantees that the Committee on Legal Affairs is very similar to the directive 's envisaged .
It has become common public values such as information and culture in real goods , from which profit , by creating a media empire composed of several TV and radio stations , advertising rating agencies , insurance companies and banks .
I call on you to give great support to the report tomorrow .
I wish the Commission every success next year .
In the meantime , many things are already happening at EU level , in particular , in relation to raising awareness , the collection of information and the exchange of good practices .
If the European Union wants to achieve its political objectives and intent , it needs a political awareness , the civilian dialogue and the most transparent public debate .
However , all these issues are , in fact , an impact on the EU in the metallurgy and most predictable and players of the driver 's own steel - all the sports are affected .
However , I do not understand why the issue of combating violence against women should be dealt with together with the issue of a more formal choice .
We are fully examining the various EU capabilities , including the centre in the city of Rovaniemi , in Finland ( Lapland ) and , above all , the role that could have this possible centre .
I welcome the conclusions of the Committee on Transport and Tourism and in the report submitted and I can assure you that many of the issues are already working in the Commission through various activities on the implementation of the strategy , such as the proposal on the formalities for ship release , which is an important element of the common area of maritime transport without borders .
I believe that we must ensure that cultivation in battery cages be banned from 1 January 2012 .
As rapporteur of the European Parliament on this subject , I sincerely hope that , on the basis of this report by Parliament and the upcoming Commission communication , the Hungarian Presidency will succeed in drafting a strategy that is really in the Community spirit and which will define this target group of economic , not on ethnic grounds , promoting the application of the equal opportunities directives by taking into account the territorial nature of segregation and by allowing citizens to disadvantage .
Because these punishments used in the case of Member States , which are already in difficulty in a difficult financial situation , could have an adverse effect on the economies of these countries ...
If the ECB is true , the international public will , of course , be necessary to act quickly , with a boost from the European Union .
It is also important to emphasise the leading position that the Spanish health system has on this issue .
You have been able to use urgent cases such as this to protect human rights in order to make a long list of problems .
It is strange , but today , the European Commission does not find the necessary arguments , nor time to influence the Latvian Government to put an end to linguistic discrimination .
The Commission must ensure that EU aid is tailored to development objectives and with the objectives set at international level .
The European Union is a staunch supporter of the ICC , which promotes universality and is an expression of the integrity of the Rome Statute in order to safeguard and strengthen independence , legitimacy and effectiveness of international judicial processes .
It would help everyone and would allow the crisis to come up with a great new project for Europe .
At the same time , the lessons learned from 10 years to the EMU and the recent impact of the crisis require up-to-date , but at the same time a consistent assessment .
The EU and the Member States must therefore increase energy efficiency , in particular in the buildings and transport sectors .
Things will not develop well with the current rates of objectives .
Our group therefore holds a clear position on this issue .
There is a solution .
In today 's modern world , where technical developments have such a short life , facilitating cooperation in scientific and technological area will benefit both parties .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
The philosopher was said that if you have 10 000 provisions , then we have any respect for the law .
It is particularly worrying that human rights defenders and journalists were killed , not only in the North Caucasus , but also in Russia as a whole .
On the issue of minimum income , the subject of subsidiarity should be approached in Member States and decisions should be sought by exchanging best practices .
For example , the concept of family members ' is too widespread and there is a danger to misused it .
We need to find instruments to support the development of a democratic system in Cuba and to convey to the Cuban people universal values relating to the construction of democracy and democratic society .
I would like to emphasise the importance of the bottom-up approach .
It is not just about youth , but also a wider understanding that includes issues relating to young people , but also to education and professional qualifications in the medium term .
We have great expectations of the Council in the coming days and we expect effective action to address the problems in this critical period .
The request for taking a commitment by the Commission in a short period of time to meet all the requests for legislative initiatives should be welcomed , as it reflects the growing importance of the European Parliament as co-legislator , especially in areas such as regional policy .
I will conclude , Madam President , because it is difficult to speak in these circumstances .
The free market must not stop us doing what is right for workers .
I believe that this is the best way in which we can help Greece in a very difficult situation where it is currently in terms of the budget and debt .
Finally , at Council and the European Commission level , it would be good to protect religious faith in all talks with third countries .
It is therefore important in a responsible manner to reduce the difference between mere and biological farming .
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
We expect the best discipline and the greatest commitment to win the World Cup .
A huge amount of effort has also been made to meet the Lisbon Strategy in order to provide even more resources from the Commission 's budget allocated to the Erasmus programme , for lifelong learning , because there is one issue that we need to ask ourselves frankly , namely whether this budget is a useful , but , above all , a starting point : whether this budget is useful in line with the needs of European citizens .
The most effective standards and the unwillingness for change , which often support most often under the pretext of customs and tradition , can not be accepted , but , on the contrary , it must be rejected as barriers to the development of the Mediterranean region .
The city of Poland is more than the Polish shipyards .
Of course , the Members of Parliament have been calling for the closure of Guantánamo , so we warmly welcome the announcement of President Obama and we understand the difficulties in the mess left by George Bush .
National authorities must carry out further controls on all forms of drug repressed .
Although we can not expect miracles from this agreement , it represents a step in the right direction , and I therefore supported this report .
All Member States have realised the challenge of patient safety facing and have taken measures to address this problem .
The support was broadly in many respects .
Today , our task is to decide whether we are being devalued with one step further or we are in the same situation .
Mr President , the journalist , the journalist , has been the most dangerous ideology created by our kind .
In the case of Greece , we have the capacity to evaluate and monitor its fiscal regulation programme .
( The sitting was suspended at 1.15 p.m. and resumed at 21.00 )
Therefore , a lack of restructuring would have caused large losses for the company and its workers , as well as disseminating negative consequences throughout the sector and the squandering of taxpayers ' money .
This is a serious ethical issue .
We have a lot of things .
The planned plan for anchovy stock in the Bay of Biscay and for fisheries aimed at this stock - the planned plan for the western stock of Atlantic horse mackerel and fisheries , aimed at this stock - the object of highgrading and restrictions on fishing for flounder and turbot in the Baltic Sea , the most polluted and hydrogen chloride - Operation in aquaculture and the breeding in aquaculture of the species ( debate )
We clearly see how Islam becomes a state of religion .
In particular , there were significant flaws in this regard : a more energy crisis in Europe during the gas dispute between Russia and Ukraine could have been overcome in one way or another ; the management of the Middle East crisis was , in my opinion , more than a slightly less favourable way .
Robert Mugabe , which was in the past a political covenant , the inhumanity of the Uighur population , is today a brutal dictator , responsible for the collapse of the economy , hunger and political terror in the country .
He was a well-known journalist and a journalist .
It must build the EU regional political partnership for peace , security and development in the Horn of Africa ' , which the Committee on Development has launched with the adoption of its report in April 2007 .
However , in this case , we must preserve the tradition of renationalising this label of the precious sites , indeed located within the EU .
The Commission and the Spanish Presidency will also take part .
- ( NL ) Madam President , for decades , the European Union should be a protectionist trade policy and that is true for bananas , among other things .
In my opinion , ICCAT should build additional control systems for their programmes : it should not be possible to strip indiscriminately its entry into the Mediterranean ; it should not be permitted to fish catches in the Mediterranean , motivated by the commercial value of bluefin tuna .
Perhaps one of the first measures that we should adopt is to increase the penalties imposed on these criminals , because it is obviously not about mediation mediation - this is a crime organised by criminals with the 'green Korean intent that want to achieve maximum profits .
In my opinion , we will ensure that the future CAP , which is sectoral policy , will provide solutions covering many sectors , and that in this way through the budgetary resources that should be allocated to the CAP , it will be demonstrated and provided true European added value .
A common link between the two databases would be sufficient .
So we will always have to make a choice .
The Pacific States are making a unique area consisting primarily by island states which are largely ethnic and culture vary greatly from Europe .
It will be necessary even longer for us to convince societies that are in the most environmentally friendly way of aggressive ideology .
I would like to know whether this is true , and whether representatives of large companies will take part in the negotiations on Russian side .
On 9 December 2009 , the monthly association with Jordan was initialled .
It is crucial that these money reaches small and medium-sized enterprises ( this was mentioned by one of the speakers before me ) and it seems as soon as possible , because they have only survived and many of them can not wait .
There will be a new president and this new president should be met with a friendly European Union and the European Parliament .
The financial and real economy are not two autonomous systems .
What do the Council and the Commission do to emerge from this unfortunate situation ?
How can these ambitious strategies be realised , when the Commission does not give its credit to a role ?
Therefore , the release of Farai Maguwu is actually in the interests of Zimbabwe , and I hope that the authorities will listen to our call on this issue .
The energy efficiency fund ( ESF ) has been operating since 1991 since 1991 and since then helped the investments in the energy efficiency of citizens .
Immediately after the Court of Justice ruling of the European Court of Energy , 2010 , the Commission addressed a written question to the Italian authorities on what measures they have planned or taken to comply with the decision .
After the last enlargement , the Black Sea is now the EU 's Sea .
However , the report also draws attention to the strong reaction of Russia to Georgia 's unilateral intervention in South Ossetia and the large-scale and large-scale action of Russian armed forces in Abkhazia .
At the same time , some elements of the already taken , planned or planned measures to improve aviation safety exceed the aviation requirements and requirements of aviation safety .
In these circumstances , even if the case ' is not in line with reality .
To conclude , I would like to say that I hope that all this can be achieved by the end of this parliamentary term .
I support the European Commission 's proposal to create a European strategy , a solidarity-based response to prevention and treatment for people living with dementias ( hampering the worsening of the productive capabilities ) and people of their surroundings .
This report is absurd .
( PL ) Mr President , I am convinced that our deep humanitarian resolution will contribute to reducing the spread between Europe and the Islamic world .
Thirdly , military action in South Ossetia proved that there is no such thing as frozen conflict .
After all , it was not difficult to agree on certain simple principles :
Madam President , we all support directives that help save lives and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his work on a report that appears in principle to be simple , but it is , in fact , complicated in terms of the details .
In my opinion , it is regrettable that a small of our innovative SMEs grow up and become larger companies and that there are fewer new , innovative companies with intensive research and development ( RDI ) than in the US .
Our position is that we must stop coal mining , which requires continuous use of State subsidies within a period of established period .
So there is a clear difference .
The Hungarian Presidency presented a detailed list of priorities .
The report also emphasises the need for defining and defining a national status for a minority .
Madam President , the UK Government 's opinion on both the European Arrest Warrant and the European Investigation Order is that they firmly believe that they have an obligation - and rightly so - to do what is best for the UK as regards cross-border crime .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Croatia 's membership of the European Union underlines the formation of a European identity capable of expressing the common values of our new Europe , which includes , instead of forcing itself to be the many inhabitants .
The image that citizens are showing any waste projects can be explained by the fact that many promises have been made at political level , but in practice none of these promises was kept .
The fact is that , after Dominique Strauss-Kahn , Dominique Strauss-Kahn in Europe , we can not afford to act hastily in decision making , who will be its candidate .
This means that we must be on the table .
Ladies and gentlemen , our determination to respect both the letter and the spirit of the Treaty of Lisbon was a choice for the future of the Union , an investment in ever closer European cooperation .
Finally , special attention should be paid to women who are affected by this difficult disease twice over men .
This approach implies a sufficient margin for manoeuvre when putting individual requirements .
I would like to point out in fact that one of the previous agreements - that with Australia - was called an agreement on the year , which is most of which safeguards the data .
We therefore need to strengthen our cooperation to combat terrorism more effectively .
However , these considerations must not jeopardise the sustainability of the budget and the accompanying bookkeeping , which are crucial for each institution .
Of course , they are very much .
I do not think that renationalisation is a solution because , in my opinion , the Member States will not have the means to secure the adoption of specific measures in the outermost regions without the existence of the common agricultural policy and community approach .
Wales also suffers from a high level of unemployment and will be hit hard by the upcoming public sector of the UK Government .
The problem is to tackle the fact that , at global level , European competition policy forces the shipbuilding industry to combat the most emphatically the most acute industrial shipyards of the Middle East and today , precisely because of this competition policy , we are closing the shipbuilding industry into Europe , as they force it to compete with subsidised industries .
There will be many ways to do this - without necessarily necessary financial resources - and I am happy to look into this .
The collection and exchange of data on effective strategies , policies and actions will help to win support the government and the various sectors .
What is happening in Cuba is a disgrace to all those part of the politics led under similar flags of flags .
Do we have agreements with them that facilitate them too much and encourage them to remain outside the European Union , while the countries within the European Union are encouraged to leave it to reach such an agreement ?
No one wants to understand - but if these amendments are adopted , the result of the proposal will be quite counterproductive .
I therefore voted in favour of this report .
In the interests of the legal certainty of all the stakeholders , we must have the same rights throughout Europe for infringements of offences and there must be mandatory information about these rights .
The item is closed .
I believe that , especially in a financial and energy crisis , it is our duty to look at this area more closely and to meet the wishes and needs of the population in this regard , because , after all , the man and nature are not more visible , but should complement each other .
As Mr Trichet said in English , French and German , the euro is much more than a currency : it is our common destiny .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , 200 000 dead , 250 000 dead and EUR 200 000 have been hit directly by the earthquake , among other 2 million people in need of food aid : this is the most severe consequences of the terrible disaster that struck Haiti .
Last but not least , Iceland 's accession can lead to a coherent and effective European policy in the region .
The Minister said that the idea of joint use of consular sites has been examined .
For example , in some EU Member States , there was a exodus of qualified , well-trained workers , in which these Member States have invested considerable investments .
The Internet is proposing greater opportunities for corrupt practices such as fraud , match-fixing and cartels , because online games can be created and very quickly .
Firstly , the vote on the ALDE Group , in my opinion , amendments to paragraphs 7 , 31 and 34 .
I would like to address two elements of the media law .
I welcome the wording of Article 15 , which must ensure that tobacco control is particularly protected against commercial interests of the Catalan industry .
( Heckling )
In Copenhagen , it should be up to something more than just a declaration of intent .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , I have spent the time of hot Africa in the light of today 's news , once again related to the euro , which we are grateful for .
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) is the most effective agreement on the conservation of wilderness globally .
So on the first report on Parliament 's five-year term , let me tell how we , as Parliament , should consider the issue of Turkey .
We have a very good experience in this dialogue and we believe that it works well .
However , I would like to point out that the European Securities and Markets Authority should be equipped with such staff , which would allow him to really perform its tasks effectively , which is difficult to happen with the relatively small of European officials , from which to fulfil almost the outstanding tasks .
It is a shame that the transfer of transition communities with a different memory can create a state .
( Heckling )
Many of them very little respect for human rights and democracy , including - to mention just a few of them - Cuba , China , Saudi Arabia , Nicaragua , Nicaragua , reclamation and Iran as a potential candidate .
The truth is that the EU must be clearer and must require countries that support , respect fundamental human rights as freedom of expression and freedom of the press .
Mrs Geoghegan-Quinn , perhaps in this context , you can give some impetus to this , along with this trade agreement , to create a programme for the oil sands .
The Council - under the treaty - will take decisions on sanctions on the basis of so-called reversed majority ' .
If the Member States do not achieve results on this programme , the competitiveness of the EU will suffer in general .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
In other words , for example , in Germany , payment is paid by insurance companies and businesses assume the share of costs .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the image of the opposition leader in Burma , Mrs Aung San Suu Kyi , from the alleged material after its release of house arrest is still more worrying in our minds .
I am convinced that the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU ) , and particularly Articles 290 and 291 of it , strengthens the democratic nature of the Union and streamline its legal regime .
Is it right to work with a mandatory figure and whether we should not think about anything else ?
What principles and rules should be established for the provision of aid ?
We can therefore expect an accident to be a disaster for every 25 years .
I would like to stress that terrorism does not have any kind of religion .
The regulation needs to be revised and it quickly .
What we MEPs can do in such situations is to address the European Commission and then wait a few weeks for expertise .
Innovative measures and appropriate financial instruments to increase their competitiveness , improving access to information and participation in research programmes .
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance abstained from the vote .
By 2050 , our planet may be home for more than two million more than today - the most famous figure that farmers will have to produce 70 % more food .
However , much more in the area of energy efficiency is likely to be done , and I therefore welcome this report .
The Commission proposes to revise the regulatory framework .
This report does not demonstrate any competence in terms of the concepts of danger and risk ; it fails to divide them .
The Fourth United Nations conference on the least developed countries ( LDCs ) should be devoted to the coordination of development policies , as it is an important factor in reducing poverty .
Documents received : see Minutes
The European Commission 's proposal is not appropriate as to justify the question of why this additional funding is needed .
In Portugal , bank profits have risen by 18 % during the first quarter of this year .
The US dollar , which has already been actively conducted in the CIA Committee two years ago , came back through the oral question of CIA flight in Europe .
For the first time , the Council has been present to the debate on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget .
( HU ) Fellow Members , food safety is a fundamental objective of the European Union , but this is a bad compromise .
The Member States concerned must enjoy the possible use of the funds allocated to cope with situations restricting business and have social consequences .
( Applause and laughing from certain units )
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the regulation on European private companies , which we are to adopt , complements the framework for the species of companies that should be regulated at European level .
We in the European Union can not act alone if we adopt rules that are not shared by other countries , they will put the European disadvantaged economy in a globalised world where we live .
It must be found in a way to live with a neighbour that does not necessarily mean that I agree with its modus operandi .
It is not forcing anyone to take any measures .
In the annual growth survey , we also looked at the need to deepen the reform of the internal market .
The vote will take place today at 12.00 .
I voted in favour of the report on the progress made by Iceland in 2010 as I believe that we must support the accession of one of the oldest democracies to the EU , given that the conditions needed for this - for example , the ending of whaling and trade in the more equitable products - have been met .
Businesses from the social economy are an integral part of the Commission 's policy in the field of business .
Thank you very much , Prime Minister .
We are on the way to achieve our communication objectives .
I am not , in fact , happy with the number of items on the agenda that have been publicly available to date , nor of the way it is obtained access to documents .
All these steps have been made as essential elements of Parliament 's role .
Let me finally make a brief personal comment .
I would like to say a few words about the economic partnership and the Transatlantic Economic Council ( TEC ) .
The divide between Christians and Muslims is becoming increasingly apparent , and the blasphemy law is rooted in many acts that violate fundamental freedoms .
I fully support the observations and remarks of the author on the introduction and application of Community law in the Member States .
Consumer protection ( vote )
This proposal concerns the mobilisation of a total amount of EUR 1 200 billion to support Lithuania in order to provide assistance to workers made redundant in 128 firms operating in the civil building sector .
This concentration has already resulted in student riots .
In order to encourage South Korea to open up its market prices for the European Union 's 22 February prices were removed , except in cases of the three textile products : tomatoes , oranges and Korean Korean stamping .
The current authorities in Iran may deny that longstanding culture and history .
They affect justice , and damages actions for damages supplement the application of the law .
His arbitrarily did not even provide for his high-ranking officials , including his ambassadors .
We have a very structured dialogue organised by the European Economic and Social Committee , and I had a very long debate with them only two weeks ago .
The high mortality rates of bees caused by the infamous cold and the unresolved problem of the collapse of the bee families , sadly , will not disappear .
The demand for a balance between economic and social interests is not only very important , but also very difficult .
Today , we stress the increase violence against Christians , which is a cause of deep concern .
However , if we do not adapt it to the new challenges in the strategy , we are all taking a big risk .
Tomorrow , it will probably also affect the last autocracy .
The Council decided to stop the isolation of the community and facilitate the reunification of Cyprus by promoting the economic development of the Turkish Cypriot community .
Cancún conference showed that the UN can really achieve results .
( FR ) Mr President , during this period of economic recession for the European Union , it was important to continue to show solidarity to the developing countries .
The re-election of France in the military structures of NATO , as well as efforts devoted to the European Security and Defence Policy , provide an excellent opportunity to harmonise European security strategies and possible new strategies for NATO .
Something that is also worrying this year is the control of the third pillar of the European Development Fund , namely the joint management of organisations .
Events have shown the events of recent weeks that airport security is a very important task for the Member States and that we must take all the necessary corrective measures .
Articles 6 and 7 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union obliges the authorities of the European Union and all Member States to fight discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation .
I am thinking in particular of the rail distribution , the network of networks , electricity networks , the networks and the entire system of small and medium-sized enterprises , especially in the maritime sector , in the sector of aquaculture and the agricultural sector , with 45 000 hectares of milk , as the source of flooding was the sea .
( RO ) Mr President , I would like to begin by expressing my deep sympathy to the Japanese people .
Unfortunately , the Commission is still unable to adopt this proposal .
- Madam President , I voted for this resolution on the Economic Partnership Agreement ( EPAs ) because only through an equal partnership , we can help other countries feel the benefits of economic progress .
You must act and act quickly .
It was therefore necessary , firstly , to make the current legislative framework more formalised by amending the directive of 1991 on the placing of certain products on the market and , secondly , to fill the gaps at Community level in the use of these products .
In relations with the International Criminal Tribunal , the rule of law are leading .
This is a form of unacceptable violence against women and joint action should be taken to prevent such trafficking , to protect victims of trafficking and to prosecute the perpetrators of this violence .
I have mentioned several times that hundreds of people were subjected to heavy police brutality and received serious injuries , several hundred people were arbitrarily arrested and several hundred weeks have gone through lengthy criminal trials , which have been proven innocent .
We wanted to maintain this wording , as we believe that we do not need new legislation at UN level , which is to deal with the concept of religions that we already have international standards , namely , the Geneva protocol on the prevention of discrimination against religious minorities .
Mr Orbán , the aggressive and unwise protection of your allies does not convince me .
I particularly welcome the section in the new agreement , which requires the President of the Commission to carry out thoroughly scrutiny , in the event that Parliament withdrew its credibility with a commissioner .
Petitions : see Minutes
Let us be careful to provide the new economic strategy called the European Union 2020 , not to become a more complex monster .
I would not like to comment on whether Britain would be in a better situation outside the European Union .
The costs of treatments received in another Member State are recovered in the country where the patient is registered , but they are limited to the amount paid for such treatment ...
The Baltic States who are isolated from the rest of Europe are left to the mercy of gas suppliers from Eastern Europe .
I think we in the European Union need to be very generous and understand what our national governments are responsible .
in writing . - ( RO ) I voted for this report on the proposal for a Council directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste , as nuclear security in the EU depends on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste .
This means that they are also in greater terms able to deal with genuine competition , rather than simply be dependent on special assistance .
Finally , history shows us that , in the most dangerous conflicts , as in the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of Congo , the political solution is the only hope for peace .
Finally , I would like to say that it is personally clear on my own , that , as far as we can help the poorest of the poor .
However , last week in Ireland , we saw that banks still rely on getting rescued from taxpayers .
I voted in favour of this report as the Community budget for 2011 presented by Parliament 's Committee on Budgets during the part-session is foreseen for an increase in funding for the priorities set out by the European Parliament , such as education , innovation , peace process in the Middle East and Palestine , the lifelong learning programme , research programme , the cohesion programme and innovation .
I understand that this is a diplomatic issue between two countries , which are not even members of the European Union , but it has a serious impact on the citizens of the European Union who are interested in travelling in Libya to make their livelihoods a living .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , we must undoubtedly emphasise the importance of implementing ILO conventions , but unfortunately I am afraid that our ruling system , namely that of free competition , becomes labour in a market and , therefore , in a commodity .
This is a change that will improve the quality of the atmosphere and significantly limit greenhouse gases which cause climate change .
Madam President , the review conference of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) has been a most significant event for the development of the Court of Justice itself and , in a broader sense , international criminal justice .
I call for a verification of the role that every fishing method has in the worrying situation concerning bluefin tuna in new , fairer distribution of quotas and more stringent measures .
We want to do things in our way , but we want to engage with you and we need help .
Is it not the case in which defending this situation means a break with regard to the own ideology of man ?
We understand that climate change is falling and that climate change is becoming simple , daily , daily .
Good !
In Poland 's case , this is mainly linked to the enormous potential created first of all by the massive improvement in new and old buildings in terms of the extensive efficiency and second of the widespread replacement of old electricity plants in residential areas with modern electricity plants .
In my opinion , the changes made in the agreement are not completely convincing .
( Applause )
The fight for gender equality is a daily battle in all our countries .
It has proven possible to reach a balanced compromise by creating an instrument that is more effective to deal with this type of criminal activity and created under strict policies and more stringent sanctions , including imprisonment , for five to 10 years and the benefits obtained from the crimes obtained .
I have asked me to say this statement in your reply that we must ensure different levels of distribution in countries and in geographical areas .
The most serious attitude of Europe is partly due to the fact that we ourselves are losing our most precious values here .
The Commission has provided technical assistance to the Kosovo Office for Gender Equality .
Its own function is based on the concept of solidarity .
First of all , I would like to express my great thanks for the Court of Auditors ' hard work .
Taking into account all this , there have been both positive and negative developments .
The importance of cross-border connections for the progress of the European transport network is obvious , which is why we can support the renovation of all modes of transport , especially those in which the transformation and development have been made more difficult , as is the case with rail and maritime transport .
We all , and the Member States , too , have a lot of work to do in this area .
We simply had a contradiction .
It is about genuine equality of opportunities , because it must be so easy to build a Christian church in Alexandria or Ankara as it is to build a mosque in Brussels .
In these circumstances , the summit in Nagoya could not be at a better time .
I believe that this wide-ranging debate has brought the fact that we are facing a huge problem facing us with a huge challenge .
One objective of poverty targeting poverty will send a powerful signal that the EU is actively to provide opportunities to all in society , even the most marginalised and most vulnerable people .
I would like to thank the rapporteur and hope that we have the strength to find the answer to this question : what is the Internet , can it be regulated and if , if so , how can it happen ?
Commissioner , I look forward to your proposals on corporate governance , a Green Paper , as this is another package of documents that we will certainly continue to work over the coming months and years .
I believe that this agreement will pave the way for new economic benefits , whether for consumers or airlines , and will strengthen cooperation between the countries of the Atlantic countries , thereby bringing benefits to the European Union .
We can not forget that oil prices are directly affecting fishermen 's incomes .
We have started work because now , in fact , it is time for implementation and of 14 courses of action set out in our communication on the Internet of Things , I am happy to announce that some of them are already working .
We must build safe nuclear power plants and , at the same time , using the Structural Funds , inject the agricultural communities to focus strategically on the link between energy , water and biotechnology , thereby reinforcing diversification on energy base .
We are now going to go .
I would like to emphasise the request for the Commission to conclude agreements containing clauses on democracy , human rights and respect for social , health and environmental standards , and , at the same time , to ensure effective monitoring of compliance with and enforcement of these standards in practice .
I think this seems to me as the start of a successful partnership .
( DE ) Mr President , in 2000 , under terrorist attacks around the world died 1 200 people died .
However , I would like to ask a few questions of this Parliament and try to give some answers to why the Commission has proposed a directive that supports the deployment of ITS and , secondly , whether local and national initiatives in this area are insufficient .
It is important to find a more comprehensive way out of the situation in which the Union is showing its disapproval through specific measures such as sanctions or visa restrictions , but at the same time we must not isolate Belarus from the rest of Europe , because the whole host society will suffer , but not only the authorities condemned by the EU .
It must be countered , but it must not be used as a cover for the elimination of the rights and safeguards of citizens .
The European Commission 's policy needs a new direction .
I think Article 3 of the joint motion for a resolution , which expresses the will to increase aid for fishermen , is crucial .
There is a need to increase public funding and develop more instruments and programmes to promote energy efficiency .
This type of measures would help ensure that Greece is a plan for development .
Mr President , in the context of the discussion that is being held at the moment , I would like to ask the impact of the crisis on the implementation of the directive in the countries of the European Union .
More countries are turning to nuclear energy for civilian and , unfortunately , military ends .
The Turkish Government continues to treat terrorist forces , protesting against the violation of the rights of Kurds .
Up to now , we have received and we have answered some 400 statements , as well as the Commission has taken office , we have significantly increased the number of direct contacts with over 500 meetings between Commissioners and bodies of national parliaments .
It must be stressed that these Voluntary Partnership Agreements must not clash with the EU 's objective of combating climate change and must ensure sustainable use of forests , bring about deforestation and forest degradation and the associated CO2 emissions loss in the world .
That is the shame !
However , the euro is not in isolation .
We do not need regulation , Mr Méndez , from such as you .
We should not be surprised because the problems are starting from .
However , in my opinion , this is not enough .
The new protocol is signed on 13 May 2011 and the same date the Council has presented Parliament 's consent request .
The Commissioner-designate Kallas appeared to be quite less clear , but I would remind the Commission that the transport accounts for 25 % of CO2 emissions and therefore require urgent action .
You have been a cause of a needle-stick injury .
in writing . - ( NL ) Food security is , above all , defence policy .
They will contribute to reducing the volume of work and the number of additional documents to be made available without infringing the principles of sound financial management .
I believe that we need to concentrate on the essential .
However , I would have liked to have been a somewhat clearer answer .
As a result , it is saved or improved life for millions of people .
The Commission communication raises a different range of issues as part of the debate on possible reform of the common fisheries policy by 2012 .
We really need a policy that has crossed the limits of the current crisis and we expect also long-term solutions from the Commission .
I know , Commissioner , that the Commission is already interfering and doing so , through numerous projects and funds .
Although industrial and consumer associations support Directive 2001/55/EC on energy labelling can not be argued that it is in keeping with technological achievements and innovation in the energy market , because , first and foremost , we need to emerge from this situation of Europe-wide relocations , so that a new dimension is open to consumer life .
We are also pleased that greening will be a mandatory part of the first pillar and direct payments will be distributed more between individual Member States and different agricultural sectors .
The data transfers without an agreement has been pushed for many years to be kept over .
I am pleased that in this regard , I can highlight the progress made by Romania in this area in recent years , as the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights has indicated .
We believe that there is a great risk of the most damaging effects that we hope will have a tax on financial transactions on the financial market , not to realise if the EU is introducing this tax .
We need to be more and again dealing with this issue .
It certainly requires a strict budget of restrictions .
Since these practices have been broken and excluded from the gratuitous and that leads to the public 's representation .
Around 100 of these requirements were successful .
( For the results and other details on the vote : see Minutes )
More effort needs to be made to improve administrative cooperation between Member States .
in writing . - ( DE ) Thank the rapporteur .
Anyone who rejected them - and I would like to say this quite clearly - and anyone who adopts the text of this resolution , the same vote in favour of the organisation being allowed to pursue its policy of oppression in Camp which controls .
The content of this report is a direct consequence of the current lack of a while a modern Green ideology , which we need to put the nature and the planet first and foremost , and that we can not care about the people , their needs and interests .
The new Community directive creates new challenges , pressure for modernising national healthcare systems for the 27 Member States of the European Union and the unquestionably need cohesion and cooperation between all the medical systems in the 27 Member States of the European Union in order to exchange best practices , encourage e-health and achieving permanent improvements in cross-border healthcare standards .
We know that the financial crisis has turned the financial groups that survived greater and stronger .
Some of them have not yet been at present in my speech , and I would therefore like to express a strong protest .
This cooperation will allow contradictory geological scenarios to be avoided and to increase confidence in the forecasts that are used in the planning process .
We in this House need to welcome it .
We must continue to point out and oppose all forms of State censorship and protectionist policies .
The Commission is firmly convinced that the deepening of economic relations between the EU and the Canadian partners should always be accompanied by a commitment to respect the principles of good governance .
I can not be surprised .
The Spanish Presidency has fulfilled the expected in terms of the most important institutional issues .
In fact , many times when we voted to vote 'yes ' to Ireland for the Treaty of Lisbon , the Catalan Spain and the Spanish people .
in writing . - It is imperative that the CAP be appropriately diverted to tackle the challenges in the future .
The adoption of this directive is an important result , but at the same time its transposition in national legislations is , in fact , the key stage in ensuring the proper implementation of the legislation by the Member States and that no barriers will be put to the single market .
It is open trade and it was not easy to reach an agreement .
This example is not a shining example , because it is the United States , which are , of course , an ally of the EU in many areas - in fact , perhaps more important , as in the fight against capital punishment , there is no place for double standards in the world .
In the context of the subsequent Doha Round , the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) negotiations on Singapore .
We must be aware that the Eastern Partnership requires commitment both from partner countries and the European Union .
We must strive to integrate the Baltic Sea region with priority TEN-T axes , including the rail axis from Berlin to the Baltic Sea ( TEN-T ) and motorways of the TEN-T .
The pretext for combating terrorism , Mr de de facto , spoke of information management and the protection of personal data in his interesting and excellent report during this debate in Parliament on 26 November .
Most importantly , changes contain provision that traders should provide certain information prior to imports or exports of goods .
While respect must be shown to the principle of reversibility , it should be envisaged for concepts and technical solutions for final disposal to ensure potential access and waste waste for technical reasons or if progress in research has led to the appearance of new technological solutions like the horse , for example .
I regret , however , that the mandatory indication of the minimum duration of all products , including those with a minimum period of more than 30 months ( Article 15 ) , was not adopted .
In this regard , we still have some difficult debates ahead of how this will be carried out in detail in the various sectors - industry , the energy sector , transport and housing - and in the Member States .
Therefore , decisions during the Spanish Presidency are very important because it will determine our way of work , as well as the effectiveness of the European Union .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , thank you , but I hope in general that the Commission thinks that the time is a suitable time for reviewing the guidelines for vertical restraints , which you have just mentioned , as they are actually already more than ten years .
In fact , Parliament must play an important role in the way in which scientific research will be carried out .
We see that the information , communication and dialogue are better , the majority .
When this happens , we are again finding ourselves in trouble because of the pressure from the United States .
We are also facing major challenges .
The whole world knows and acknowledges the key role played by the EU in the area of humanitarian aid .
Mr President , colleagues , the gas crisis that Europe has proved to be at the beginning of 2009 , has reached the size of the disastrous situation for Bulgaria , which does not have an alternative to aid from gas .
In the Polish case , the implementation of reforms has become necessary due to the growing inefficiency of the old system , which was a source of even greater costs .
In the Europe 2020 strategy , the priority is , above all , investing in work .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
I have a request to the rich and wealthy .
Mr President , I am grateful for the possibility of discussing the current state of accession process for the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
We must express disapproval of the Commission 's major deficiencies in implementing competitiveness and innovation programmes in particular during an economic crisis that is logical to increase the need for such assistance .
in writing . - I support this report , which requires responsibility and clear rules for subcontracting in Europe .
Others have provided certain elements of information , mainly on the costs of providing legal assistance and oral transfers .
Perhaps this is a good thing .
The technical opportunities of the banks are usually cited as the main reason in this regard , as these are , above all , technical solutions , I would like to say , however , that the technical modernisation of banks is in the interests of the banking sector and the banks themselves , because they modernise the banking market , their payment systems and increasing their profits .
Judge Afiuni 's licence is a sad reminder of the negative attitude of Venezuela to human rights .
I would like to thank all the speakers for their comments .
We believe that this will be a very strong signal , both to the authorities in Belarus and civil society , the media and all fighting for the democratic development of the country .
What specific opportunities do we , as the European Union , to provide more support ?
Secondly , I would like to focus on the question of the Gaza Strip .
Mr President , I would also like to start by saying that I think it is now right to table a proposal for a revision of the Energy Efficiency Action Plan and , if there are some doubts , I believe that the debate we are having here today will clarify things .
It shares with a humanitarian disaster and requires immediate action .
For years , Bulgaria has been demanding more efforts in combating crime .
Unfortunately , it is obvious that the historical and modern life of these good bees have made it harder for them to survive .
I will respond to some of your questions already raised in my concluding remarks .
In order to achieve the target of 2050 , the temperatures are not rising by more than 2 degrees Celsius , developing countries will have to limit the level of an increase of their emissions by 15 % to 30 % below the level that would reach by 2020 if no effort has been made to limit emissions .
Our health is maintained by a clean environment and a climate .
The review will also increase the effectiveness of the procedures for cooperation and monitoring of customs administrations thanks to the common ICT Information System , which will promote prevention , investigation and prosecution of serious infringements of national legislation .
( FR ) Mr President , I just want to point out that , in the vote on paragraph 8 of the original text , the French translation has demonstrated paragraph 19 .
While cohesion policy plays a significant role in efforts to tackle the economic crisis and climate change , the Council has proposed a significant reduction in payment appropriations designated for this policy in 2010 .
The UfM can help a solution , but it does not claim to be the means of the solution , nor should it be blocked by these confrontation .
We have heard three different figures , the paragraph we have to vote on now .
It is also crucial to make progress towards a better and sustainable achievement of the Millennium Development Goals .
Commissioner , in our recommendations , we ask the Commission with detailed information which budget lines have been used and planned for cooperation with Libya .
I would therefore ask and call on the European Commission to carry out long-term and comprehensive research into the health consequences of the Chernobyl disaster .
The EU has decided on the exploitation of vulnerable workers and gradually makes them believe that there is a need for the sole , uniform provisions in criminal law in all sectors and in the most productive .
The second issue concerns the actions that need to be taken by local authorities .
The Interim Agreement between Papua New Guinea , Fiji and the European Community was signed on 14 December 2007 .
Responsibility for the public statements made by Members of this Parliament belongs and , above all , to the people they are doing so .
This is a clear expression of shared responsibility for Member States and the EU in terms of the emancipation .
Among other things , the Commission must use this method to offer us a means of specific implementation of the new horizontal social clause in Article 9 of the Treaty of Lisbon .
We must also bear in mind the progress made by the authorities in Tripoli , which successfully explosive courses of the country from isolation and an embargo towards openness and lively economic and diplomatic contacts .
Next week , it is a European week for SMEs .
This support is fundamental if we want to overcome certain shortcomings in the legislative instruments of this first phase - in the course of their adoption immediately after the consultation with Parliament .
In these cases , the problem is simply being suppressed and the rapidly becoming a debtor .
I am looking at EU enlargement in a broader sense , and that is why I can compensate for the various forms of totalitarianism that have been mentioned , its various forms in different countries .
Lastly , on tax havens , a few very simple measures can be taken .
I am surprised that the failure of negotiations is due not to disagreement with the figures , but to the refusal to have a factual discussion on the general future of the Member States , in other words , to the future of Europe .
The proposals for amendments to the regulations include , especially during the current economic crisis , provisions to simplify the rules for using funds .
According to estimates , they can cover global demand for food only for a month and a half .
Prior to this , the European Constitution was rejected in France and the Netherlands .
We believe that we should have made it possible to determine subsequent savings .
This was not only consultation with Parliament , with its members and committees responsible for dealing with cars , competition between dealers and consumers , but also consultation with the Member States and with all stakeholders and all the others that wanted to express their opinion .
Madam President , I would like to thank many Members for all their views .
In preparing the next G20 meeting in these recent months , intensive activity has been carried out by the institution that had to carry out later control .
They may be used to find farms , but they are not used to restore the good name of innocent , and it costs them very expensive - as well as my country , because not only the specific supply chains , but the whole country was more expensive .
We are prepared to discuss our own challenges in the Human Rights Council , to share an attempt and to offer support to those who work to better respect for human rights throughout the world .
The purpose of the Paris Convention on International exhibitions is to regulate the frequency , quality and procedures of international exhibitions which fall within its scope .
Trade agreements between the EU and this country which were not changed over 20 years , should have been updated , especially during a major global financial risk .
Today 's vote is not a blank cheque for the Americans : Parliament will retain its vigilance over the coming months , particularly with regard to the procedure for change in Europol 's powers , the definition of an independent body that will be in Washington and the creation of a European Terrorist Finance Tracking Programme .
Mr President , I think that the European Union has become too large and has been involved in itself too many cultures . It is simply not credible in the system as a whole , but also the things have deteriorated .
The strategic partnership with Russia , which some talk , must be built on shared values ; otherwise there will be no sense whatsoever .
The United States , Japan and North Korea have the right to enact such laws as they deem appropriate .
Of the five strictly defined objectives , one specifically devoted to combating poverty and social exclusion .
The existing instruments and procedures for coordination and supervision have enabled the EU to overcome the crisis that no Member State could overcome itself .
It is gratifying that , in a year , we have been abusing economic and social tension , as 2009 , the Council did not tend to resolve one of the key problems concerning the regulation of the working time at EU level .
Fishing opportunities and financial participation provided for in the Partnership Agreement in the sector between the EC and Cape Verde (
In my annual report , progress has been detected in examining complaints , promoting good governance and providing information about the role of the Ombudsman .
Thanks to our very determined preparation and a single presentation , we have increased the burden in the G20 .
The priority must have the resettlement of the following persons , regardless of the geographical priorities that the EU can have set out for a period of time : children and women , at risk of violence or the exclusion , physical or sexual exploitation , unaccompanied minors , individuals with special medical needs , the victims of violence and torture and persons who need an urgent and urgent resettlement due to legal reasons and reasons associated with protection .
Fourthly , in order to prevent and combat extremism and the authoritarianism , we must support the countries and legitimate NGOs in designing and implementing strategies and activities in order to combat Islamist radicalisation and promote democratic , tolerant and peaceful peace present for a society .
Therefore , Member States must eliminate all forms of violence against women and children , especially trafficking in human beings in order to sexual exploitation , sexual assault and domestic violence .
I believe that we can offer Belarus concrete incentives within the framework of the Eastern Partnership , but not just .
These are facts .
But , above all , I worry that the Joint Undertaking was not fully fully established its internal control and financial reporting systems , which jeopardises transparency in the spending of the money coming from European taxpayers .
We must be able to prevent overproduction , among other things , to preserve agricultural activity in all European regions .
The Treaty of Lisbon grants the Union a new exclusive competence with regard to foreign direct investment .
However , where it is supposed to be the Council , there are only empty places .
When we face a natural disaster and face up to more disasters of this type , it is imperative that the European Union should help the Member States and regions which are covered by the severe effects of such tragedies .
As a good start , we could condemn any country , the most corrupt ones to take advantage of the disaster by returning to neo-colonialism .
We need the most oppressed people .
Madam President , Mr Almunia , in particular , during this transitional period , I thank you for the longest manager during your previous term of office , and I wish you the best of the new post .
However , it is important to ensure that interventions in the European Union do not differentiate between gender , race or ethnic origin strategies .
After four lost years , we are not prepared for the next energy crisis if there are such a way .
You were a great supporter of the unity of Germany and this was very important for all of us .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
The costs of direct and informal care are indeed high .
This will confirm or deny the presence of parallel criminal proceedings ;
The real problem is harmonisation , but this is not ideological , but it is a cultural problem .
Firstly , the call for the sector to be convenient for use of the final consumer .
In a communication on the press from August of the European Anti-Fraud Office , it refers to the repeated repeated repeated inaccurate cigarettes into the United States .
Finally , Ecofin must be given the right to declare the presence of an economic crisis .
( Parliament approved the request )
The conclusion of the Consultative Working Party is that the proposal is restricted to a straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance .
I think that , with the adoption of this act by Parliament , our primary message to SMEs must be said that Parliament and the European institutions are behind them and want to strengthen the will and the opportunities that small and medium-sized enterprises in Europe are demonstrating at the moment before the face of the storm .
Youth unemployment is one of the most pressing problems of Europe .
The European Union can not demonise the blood of any refugee or asylum seeker .
On 27 February 2006 , the Council authorised the Commission to enter into negotiations with Liechtenstein and Switzerland .
Now , we look forward to the new Commission plan for equality for 2011-2015 .
As a reform of the regulation of party activities , the European Union could use this opportunity to promote the recovery of European political parties .
In the same way , 40 of the guidelines for regional support indicate that aid must depend on whether a investment will be in the region at least for five years after the date of completion .
I myself and Minister López Garrido were in Eurocontrol , and I was contacted all the Transport Ministers of Transport of the larger Member States .
Does the Commission intend to prepare a programme for redistribution between countries and how is it planning to extend and implement the clause in question ?
As the recent serious events in Germany , national food safety authorities must be created today by all Member States .
The case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Union , the current directive provides for greater security by allowing them to benefit from the healthcare they need , in another Member State and their costs reimbursed to the size of their national system .
I think that such a lesson was learnt from this Parliament , namely that the majority power is also more responsible .
Furthermore , it is obvious that payments based on the two pillars of the CAP are not just public resources , but actually buying a public good that can not be sufficiently profitable by the market .
Madam President , it is indeed the case .
My vote in favour of the motion for a resolution was based on the need to confirm that Europe and the European Parliament , as a democratically elected body , has always been on the country of its citizens .
I do not need to mention that the results of these measures will become clear in the long term .
We hope that in future , we will also see such positive developments in the market too .
This is in place particularly in view of the fact that , in these situations , regions have not even been involved and have no direct responsibilities , but also bearing in mind that it is precisely these that they will be most affected by the restrictions on the use of the Structural Funds .
The Presidency of the Council will be involved in the next part-session of the Human Rights Council on behalf of the European Union Council .
It is time to say :
The defects that , as a form of political governance , this can be one of the causes of the moral crisis that we all talk about , is at the heart of the economic crisis .
It is wise for us in Europe to be able to share part of our sovereign debt , although Mrs Merkel does not approve this .
( RO ) Mr President , Commissioner , the tragic incidents that hit Taiwan hit the lives of hundreds of thousands of people and destroyed tens of thousands of houses .
I believe that the approach we have developed on this issue is completely logical .
We must also ensure that there are no loopholes between the old directives that are abolished and the 2004 directive on measuring instruments .
It is estimated that the number of patients with Alzheimer 's disease doubles every 20 years .
For this reason , the European Union must take advantage of every opportunity to express the importance of common values through the European External Action Service .
My services are in constant contact with the German authorities and they are spreading the information among Member States through the RAPEX system for a rapid alert system for food and feed .
The Serbian people were beaten , subject to executions and executions .
It is right that we want to have a leading role in Nagoya in respect of biodiversity conservation , but even the European Union is unable to halt biodiversity loss .
Women are under-represented in politics and in the management boards of companies or , in other words , they are excluded from the decision-making process in politics and the economy .
Mr President , energy security is an area where the EU must act actively and with the greatest possible degree of unity and coordination , as is not the case with many other European initiatives , and therefore we , the European Conservatives and Reformists , support the creation of a common energy market , as this will strengthen the position of Member States with regard to basic suppliers , while limiting the possibilities for certain providers of strategic raw materials to abuse their dominant position in order to play foreign policy .
An important progress has been made in terms of energy security with the ratification of the intergovernmental agreement on Nabucco , as well as in the area of aviation cooperation - with the initialling of the horizontal aviation agreement between the EU and Turkey .
Some countries require official passports , others are willing to accept any kind of documents , and third do not accept the passport as evidence of vaccination .
Climate change will not be stopped with the slowdown in the economy and - despite the last few - the poorest countries will suffer from our carbon consumption .
A permissible region or a Member State will see European Union funds aimed at the public budget in order to be spent through national systems under the exclusive responsibility of the Finance Minister and verified by the higher audit institutions of the Member States .
The external relations agenda will , in any case , be renewed on the basis of current events , namely the Council meetings on common matters and external relations in May and June , to which questions will be dealt with , on defence and development , except issues of the usual agenda .
However , the measures needed in most countries must be taken because of the country 's own interests , because of its citizens , to protect their own future .
Mr Bildt , Mr Rehn , my only wish is the negotiations there to be held in the vicinity of the people , not to interfere with the outside .
Honourable Members will remember that , in their previous quality , I have raised the question of the CAP plus ' ( Generalised System of Preferences Plus ) and Sri Lanka .
It is important to remember that some of the six affected countries - such as Belarus , Ukraine and Georgia - are important transit countries .
The Member States will align the policies regarding the resources to support this process and I hope that , as soon as possible , the EU 's own representative and Head of Delegation will be translated into a position .
We have not forgotten the people who have suffered health and even their lives in the fight against the accident , as well as hundreds of thousands who had to leave their homes .
Since this was a special event for us , would you make a few common comments about this first session of questions and answers ?
I would like to welcome this fact if I was not surprised that the present are mostly Italian colleagues who are generally not interested in human rights and who , for that reason , often the first thing ...
As for a question relating to the budget that has been asked by somebody , let us try , above all , to reach consensus on fundamental principles .
( EL ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , just a year ago , the Greek economy and Greece was launched in the medium term , in the medium term , the Facility for support .
The main reason for this situation lies in the fact that the quality of life remains at the level of a developing country , which , in turn , reinforces the trend of exclusion and the hatred of hatred , has lived through the forced pursuit of forced actions .
It also does not include the existence of other types of Unions , such as same-sex couples , which are recognised in some Member States .
When we pass on reports like this , we are taking away from the people 's power to vote in favour or against , and we give it the arbitrary lawyers .
We will have to focus and reflect carefully .
The specific operators , which will require approval , are clearly regulated .
The internal agricultural production , which can make a significant contribution to food security and trade with third countries , as well as to reducing the trade deficit of Member States , is a fundamental aspect of this policy .
The area of cross-border infrastructure and connections is , in particular , where we are lagging behind .
The Commission expects a particular interest in the European Parliament 's response to proposals in its communication .
However , I very much would like to say that while we do not give freedom to information on our allowances and costs , citizens will look at Parliament as an institution that preaches transparency but does not apply to it .
And the need to restore our economy ?
Is it about organised crime or for political and/or religious terrorism ?
As far as some of the issues I wished to answer thoroughly , I believe that it is better to provide information details at expert level .
In this context , all efforts must be made to ensure economic , social and territorial cohesion and gender equality .
The only way to stop biodiversity loss is , therefore , through radical change of our behaviour .
Freedom , equality and solidarity are not a privilege for a few but the right to everyone , because human rights and civil rights are respected .
Barack Obama rightly saw the possibility of returning America back on the world stage .
One of the most important aims of the programme is the modernisation of vocational education and training ( VET ) and higher education .
Could you not be able to give them on Wednesday , 5 May , instead of Thursday , 6 May ?
Regional policy now and in future , therefore , represents the European Union 's superior framework for implementing these objectives .
Honourable Members , many explanations of vote are provided so we have to be extremely strict in terms of time .
If we do not want Poles to be second quality of EU citizens , the Charter of Fundamental Rights must be adopted in its entirety .
We owe it at least , as well as the condemnation of the perpetrators , the victims and their families .
Finally , on the issue of climate change - once again , we can always be more ambitious .
I am pleased that the amendment tabled by my group explains these questions .
Also , Mrs Ashton , here is also Mr Tony Blair , your former colleague , who invented the dictator .
Secondly , I would like to say that , in the course of the review of the multiannual financial framework and the new instruments , in the course of the budget review and the convergence , we must also consider the functioning and added value of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund , as well as all other instruments , and , in particular , with regard to the effect of governance and on the interaction of the institutions at national and European level .
However , some countries , even before the recession , have had high levels of government debt , which was in breach of the Stability and Growth Pact .
I voted in favour of this report because I believe Europe must protect its wildernesses and contribute to maintaining its national parks .
I would ask you all to support this position - we need to win this vote .
Lastly , but probably not , it is important that what has been said about the readmission agreements .
As far as solidarity is concerned , we are never fully prepared or equipped with excellent plans .
I voted in favour of the report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1083/2006 on establishing common provisions for the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund in terms of simplifying certain requirements and in terms of the provisions relating to financial management .
rapporteur . - ( DA ) Mr President , first of all , I would like to express my satisfaction at the unanimity that was shown by the views expressed in this House today , and I hope that the Council will be struck .
I have been very concerned with the corrupt scandal in Ukraine and the judicial processes of politicians accused of ways that are at the moments .
We should also encourage local authorities to do the same .
In 2002 , around 200 women have been involved in the train councils in the region , and today this figure is almost five times more .
Thirdly , I would like to mention one point that is not directly connected with the agreements , but certainly relates to the subject , in other words , the debate in the Council whether or we need to develop a European PNR system .
It is also unclear what technologies would be appropriate to replace nuclear power plants .
I would like to take the opportunity to join my fellow Members for the request of Commissioner Dimas for a ban on technology , the Catalan mining .
Madam President , first of all , I say that , compared to this morning , there is a little peace and peace in this House !
( The President cut off the speaker )
The two agreements have been concluded - for the readmission of persons residing without authorisation and to facilitate the issuance of visas - will be fully in helping to achieve these objectives .
We have focused on the future of this report in terms of its integration into European policy .
I hope that it will not put into question the effectiveness of good legislation that we have adopted in Parliament in other words , the directive on organ transplantation or the action plan , which was adopted almost unanimously recently .
The new mission under the umbrella of the Somali power will not come back to the heart of the problem , but will fight solely with the symptoms .
We have promised national schemes , as well as the possibility of freeing , to a certain extent , we will slow down the modernisation process , but at the same time of national economies that depend on coal for electricity production , will be able to introduce innovations and it is reasonable at reasonable time .
I believe that now , more than ever , we need to invest in education , research , energy efficiency and , above all , in people .
In particular , I voted in favour of a large number of amendments that have been intended to impose greater responsibilities for transport companies in the event of loss or damage to luggage , especially in case of injury or death of passengers .
Last but not least , I think it is positive that the amendment emphasises Member States ' responsibility for ensuring safe , high-quality , effective and affordable healthcare in their territory .
There are three areas : firstly , the most important thing in academic world .
To this end , I agree with the rapporteur 's conviction that it will be essential to fully participate in the European Parliament by applying the obligations of the Treaty of Lisbon and its joint interpretation by Parliament and the Commission in the new Framework Agreement .
Even when Member States provide for provisions for orders to protect victims , the action of the resulting measures is stopping the border of the issuing state .
Member States must share their experiences and integrate the process , both scientists and health professionals .
So I think that SMEs should remain a priority of our sustainability action , including sustainable employment .
We must leave the people to decide without further influence on the part of the EU .
I can say , on behalf of the Commission , that we look forward to constructive cooperation with you , including , of course , some of the most urgent international challenges that we are facing , and the subject of today 's debate is undoubtedly one .
Within cooperation , the Union must promote the reforms aimed at modernising public , political and legislative structures which will ensure the opening up of the country to the world will provide freedom of information for the public , promote media independence and invest in the formation of corporate capacity to corporate organisations and labour organisations , which are representatives of civil society .
In such cases , it may be justified to provide limited public funding to projects with funds to a Member State or the EU .
Until now , air transport between EU Member States and Canada has only been regulated with bilateral agreements .
We are now hearing that in a bank in the dark that has been insolvency or had been seized by the country , there has also been movement of EU funds .
We can not create loopholes , although trade in emissions in the EU is an exemplary example of how to do this !
We have a coalition of hypocrites .
We want a strategy for Europe that prioritises social and environmental needs to be prioritised to the interests of competition .
( PT ) In the context of what we have said , more words than deeds have been said .
I must point out that the 2002 directive envisaged self-employed drivers to be covered by 23 March 2009 .
I also believe that we must fight protectionism and support free trade .
The practical and practical form of the strategy will also be greatly affected by the current action plan to achieve a low-carbon economy by 2050 , which will be published at the beginning of next year .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
President-in-Office of the Council . - ( HU ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , I am very pleased to be able to speak with you before the next European Council meeting , although the role of the Presidency-in-Office has been set by the Treaty of Lisbon in such a way that the preparation of the meetings of the European Council is primarily the responsibility of the permanent President .
These are damage , the impact of which will be felt for a long time , as part of agricultural land will be extracted for several years .
The idea of micro-credits is based on the clear wording that today 's financial system does not provide sufficient funds for small and medium-sized enterprises , in other words , that the system does not make use of the human capital of so-called vulnerable groups .
It is particularly important that fraud is one of the main reasons for injustice in the EU , as they are the cause of unfair competition and the unbalanced market .
Thank you very much , Mr President .
At such a dramatic time for Europe , it is constantly being a recommendation for reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 30 % , for example - something that will be detrimental to the economies of Central and Eastern Europe , including Poland .
Let us clarify the following : the European institutions and the Member States must cooperate to achieve this objective .
I have received one motion for a resolution , in conclusion to the debate .
Agriculture must therefore remain a priority area for the EU .
The costs , close to the promise , amount to EUR 74 million in 2010 .
( NL ) Madam President , sometimes there is room for us to go on new roads , including in European politics .
Latvia 's eastern contribution to eastern enlargement is mutual trust that we demonstrated from our bilateral relations , whose roots are leading to a shared period in history and the valuable experience resulting from this confidence .
At the same time , we have to pay attention to the energy crisis .
The region is an integral part of the EU 's energy strategy , so this new strategy is an application of a more energy strategy and will create synergies and continuity in our work at European level .
We need in the future for the work of Yemen to be mindful of not only external but also domestic needs .
If we try to work together to unify and achieve these objectives , then we will really achieve something significant in cooperation with our partners in favour of the region and in favour of our own .
Particularly those who openly state their ethnic origin are subjected to discrimination .
You know that most Member States , including my own and many others , practise forms of tax competition that are very harmful to common European interests .
The main question is not whether we want to reduce unemployment or increase innovation funds .
No , we have found the ridiculous amount of aid and we need to change this .
( The sitting was closed at 11 p.m . )
The international community must do everything necessary to ensure that the perpetrators of these crimes do not go unpunished .
The Council has later received from the Commission a project for the conclusion of the European Community of the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities .
But , as for each other , it is very important to think about how to use it .
Mr President , during our debate here today , Alexander Lukashenko appears to be held with his inauguration plans on Friday , without international contact , precisely because the international community does not recognise the Belarusian elections such as free , fair or transparent .
The Seoul Summit gave new impetus to conclude the Doha Round and highlighted the G20 commitment to fight all forms of protectionism .
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution of the European Parliament on the fight against female genital mutilation in the European Union .
In accordance with the policies that I advocate , I believe it is important to adopt a zero-based budget basis at the beginning of every parliamentary term .
It can not be tolerated , based on sexual orientation ( or any other basis ) on the European Union .
This is oriented towards children 's approach , which recognises that early childhood learning is crucial for cognitive , sensory and physical development , for the most dignified and personal development and for language learning , and also constitutes the basis for lifelong learning .
We can combat criminal groups by means of transnational cooperation between the EU - the ultimate goal and the countries , a starting point for illegal criminal groups .
But when one of the fundamental principles of European democracy is at risk , sitting and do nothing .
Every peace is better than a conflict of conflict .
The report of the auditors for 2008 just GBP 10 % of the budget .
In sufficient concentrations , the death toll is coming after a few seconds or minutes .
The European Microfinance Facility was created in March 2010 with funding provided by the Commission and the Bank and the total value of EUR 200 million .
It has many elements that show us where we are heading .
The economic and financial crisis has hit European companies hard , not to mention the Member States ' budget .
The Commission considers that , in cases where the provisions of the directive are clear , accurate and comprehensive , the same could be translated into the direct applicable provisions of a regulation through recasting .
The second area that I think should be a particular priority for us is the development of a more positive relationship .
Our thoughts have been aware that the crises come from being wasted and help us build sound foundations for the future , which is why , on 9 May today , by reminding ourselves , we are working on the present and looking forward to the future .
Furthermore , drawing up a conclusion that a moratorium needs to be imposed is a successful attempt to focus Europe as a branch of industry .
However , if not another , we can at least say that there is a small positive element in everything , because they will have the opportunity to reconsider things and understand that they really need aid from outside .
I call on you to take a political decision to allow the euro to be exemption in the Baltic States .
This is reprehensible , unacceptable and scandalous .
I am convinced , given that , for example , some aspects of regional policy and cohesion policy must be reviewed .
However , from now on , we must ensure that the conditions of the European market for investors from third countries are the same and not better , as are for investors from the Member States , and that our energy concerns can compete on a common basis and invest freely outside the European Union .
For example , there is a minimum wage in the whole of Europe , not necessarily one level , but simply to introduce a minimum wage .
We Europeans can make symbolic gestures and express our reservations about the poor government of Nepal .
Some of you have said that if we adopt this directive , quite few patients will benefit from it and that this will be a very small number of well-informed patients .
Significant contributions have been made to specific questions , but we need to look at the wider European context in order to understand how important it is for which we are talking about .
You have made the application of regulations when necessary .
Contrary to the assumption of the honourable Member , this is not only about individual countries .
The presentation is closed .
Honourable Members , it is essential to emphasise the fact that the Court of Auditors ' conclusions account for progress made by the Commission on the use of European funds , but , at the same time , I hope the recommendations and proposals of the European Parliament in the reports of discharge , in many years , to take into account , particularly in the areas where we still have a high percentage irregularities .
Please pay attention to financial engineering , which today is one of the main instruments to support credit for small and medium-sized enterprises through JEREMIE , and now also through the JASMINE for micro-credit , that we began the process long before the crisis , so the policy was also relatively well prepared for the difficult situation .
As Europeans , we are trying to ensure that all in Europe can freely practise religion , allowing them to follow their heart and conscience .
I will tell you who are three main reasons , which is why , in my opinion , we did not achieve a positive DAS , although this was the objective set at the beginning of the Commission 's current term of office .
At the present time , the people of Pakistan , and even more religious minorities are being pushed into from the institutional fanaticism of the Pakistani state and some religious , totally reactionary and unelected forces of the Taliban .
In other words , if people want a different foreign policy , they do not have any chance to change policy , because they are able to change the Council only , that is , the governments that people have the opportunity to change but not the Commission .
Consequently , the 2009 programme for strengthening the Georgian economy still crucial for the further development of positive political and economic relations , and also in relation to national security .
I am proud that I am associated with the United Kingdom of Sri Lanka , which is the British party party of Ireland , and which opposed to the appalling , cowardly rights of Tamils and the right to the Tamil people and the Tamil community to self-determination .
The most important project in this regard is Nabucco .
Commissioner , please stop turning hard behind the most unpopular decisions and taking into account what is actually happening now !
How can we achieve the impossible and avoid a storm blowing , the United Kingdom 's chief scientific adviser , Sir John director , who , in 2009 , said that in 2030 , we are expecting a perfect storm because all of these things move on the same timetable .
However , in order to accept free competition , our citizens want and must be sure that the rules are the same for everyone .
Today , this professional killer was called the most flexible student of the man who had been called by Mr Mandelson himself , blatantly distinguished the highest post in my country .
There are also other methods to bring about an impact that are probably more effective than an embargo .
I therefore hope the important issues of coordinating financial services , especially now , when some countries show the first signs of getting out of this period of negative growth , to be the main theme of talks , not the subject of bankers ' bonuses .
The reforms in the regulatory area which the country is making are encouraged by trade .
It is the European Union that has the greatest experience in the field of joint work and in the entry into the territory of the territory that should play an important role in the region .
Obviously , the diplomacy of the ghetto on which the honourable Members of the Pakistani Parliament , who met two weeks ago , does not give the desired results to date .
( PT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is not the only topic that is often raised to combine both ( and it is positive , that the three most sensitive issues of health , culture and the economy .
Even today , we see that in Europe there are too many cases of premature death that are caused by bad air quality .
The regime has increased because it is feared to the Middle East and North Africa 's North Africa 's regime .
Therefore , to encourage good intentions , I abstained .
The submitted report shows us too much to us that even the crisis will not help us to achieve this role better .
According to the information provided by the Court of Auditors , the Agency 's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and underlying transactions are legal and regular .
This is also a more important role for the increasing number of accidents .
We can add to the national interests of individual Member States .
I know well that Russia and China are against sanctions , but the European Union must make every effort to persuade these powers to agree with the sanctions that are an alternative to the sending of the army .
From this point of view , it is essential to ensure genuine coherence of policies directly affecting the LDCs , such as in the following areas : development aid , trade , fisheries , the environment , agriculture , climate change , energy , investment and finance , in order to reduce poverty and ensure decent incomes and subsistence incomes for the citizens of the least developed countries .
The truth is that you are once again trying to grasp the fact that the project is not working .
Some Member States have already taken this step , and I hope they will be followed up by other Member States and also by the European Union as an institution .
We have a directive that concerns only women , because only they can give life and only they can ruin and ruin .
Firstly , the status quo is no longer a realistic option for a choice , as NATO forces announce one after another withdrawing from Afghanistan , and we do not yet know whether the country can guarantee its own security .
It is true that the Belarusian political activists and independent experts state that the regime has not changed fundamentally but only cosmetic changes have only been made .
I would like to emphasise that I support transparency and public access to documents .
Your report will certainly make a significant contribution to our internal discussions and I can assure you that we will be able to look very much at the proposals it contains .
Similarly , if living donations in the European Union reach levels in the Nordic countries , the United Kingdom and the Netherlands , this will release more 2 000 people from the need to undergo a daily basis .
I believe that these EUR 100 million certainly must not be taken by Progress programme , as it has the same aims . The new mechanism must be completely separate , there must be a different budget and ensure that there is a lot of money .
We should urgently send out coordinated assistance , but this should be done without needing to succumb to the temptation of neo-colonialism .
We must stop the taxpayer 's money being cut off and the banks ' money for speculative banks and countries that are failing to manage their economy .
We are already experiencing difficulties as a result of the implementation of European legislation , as the European Union will not allow us to release the VAT industry .
One thing is clear : at present , the situation is not good and I agree with previous speakers that there appears to be a serious political battle for who is precisely responsible for the situation that has arisen .
( NL ) Mr President , I would like to draw attention to my fellow Members of the invitation to Mr Van Rompuy for the next Council meeting .
This will include the sharing of available resources and information between the countries of the region and their coordination .
The most important requirements are the European Investment Bank 's activities to be more transparent for the European Parliament and the financial instruments it provides to use even more targeted .
Mr President , I welcome the opportunity to speak on a topic that is close to my heart .
( Applause )
South Sudan should become the overriding goal of the European Union in the area of humanitarian development .
You are using wrong instruments because we are making taxpayers ' money to get banks and those who are speculating against banks and other financial products .
There are many other issues that will continue to be discussed and I look forward to these debates .
in writing . - ( PT ) The collection and data collection and data that has become possible through this report should be evaluated by dignity , as this enables us to build a realistic picture of the situation at the moment , which is very clear in many respects , as the report rightly admits .
I stress my hope that parliamentary cooperation will continue to play an important role in this process .
We must be more ambitious if we want to fulfil this against the background of opposing third countries .
author . - ( ES ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mexico has a major problem with drug trafficking and violence related to drugs .
I will take this post of President of the Joint Parliamentary Committee , the reluctant to convince me not to rush into a position before this year to understand what the two parties are being negotiated .
( Applause )
It is of great importance that a simpler legislative environment without disproportionate bureaucratic burdens .
Energy efficiency is undoubtedly one of the main issues in our fight for environmental protection .
This will require regulation of rating agencies .
We must be sure that there are mechanisms for getting out and that the sooner we will return to normal market conditions .
Against this background , I would like to say that many of Europe 's problems could be resolved by effectively , by means of equal education for all persons residing in a given country .
The most recent steps behind themselves , but only admit that someone is watching it , she has been tortured and raped .
in writing . - ( EL ) Climate change results from the irresponsible exploitation of natural resources by capital because of profit .
I intend to assure that the Commission will be forced to table a proposal to improve the situation in relation to violence against women .
The new fundamental treaty must include a real division of powers , indeed an independent European Court of Justice , which addresses issues relating to subsidiarity , full transparency and saving , and , most importantly , mandatory referendums .
You have left the head , and that chapter !
It is obvious that the serious pollution of ships must be classified and classified as a criminal offence , and the fatal pollution of ships may be regarded as an administrative offence so that a distinction is made between the burden of the two types of activity .
( ET ) Ladies and gentlemen , democracy is based on transparency and openness .
It is also clear whether or when we can expect a proposal from the Commission accordingly .
Our group abstained because our most important amendments were rejected , namely Amendment 8 , demanding that the transfer of data be subject to court authorisation and Amendment 9 requests for the purposes of the Terrorist Finance Tracking Programme ( TFTP ) be used to use the Agreement on mutual legal assistance ( IIA ) .
However , I think that the time is right because only one case of misuse of funds is needed to change negatively to European citizens ' attitude towards helping Haiti 's reconstruction .
The Green Paper on consumer protection offers different ways to tackle the problem .
The solution is clearly the solution .
Through its work and reports in the relevant committees , in particular , the committees relating to the economic crisis , Parliament has already contributed to the discussions organised by the operational group .
( FR ) Mr President , the Conference of Presidents has been a fascinating debate on Wednesday afternoon on the proposal of the Italian and French Government to suspend the Schengen Agreement .
It is gratifying that two years after the protests do not know exactly how many of these people have taken part in the actions and have been punished by the Communist Party .
It is also positive that in mountain regions , there can be an additional charge .
Among the professionals , it is well known that the most dangerous is one of the chemical substances that all chemical substances are infected .
Recent experience shows that human trafficking , in particular , child trafficking is reaching a sharp degree of misery in both the European Union and outside .
I congratulate the Agency on the substantial progress made in this regard .
But as evidence shows , this is not enough .
The President of the country has already been a damning indictment of such proposals .
They cooperate directly in order to find swift and pragmatic solutions to the problems presented by citizens and businesses .
Perhaps because it is not aware of the risks or because they fear the consequences - not least in terms of its future appointment - to report similar injuries .
The report calls on the Commission to adopt clear social responsibility legislation in the awarding of subcontracting work throughout the production process .
It results in a better profile of the knowledge-based economy that we develop and deepen .
A large proportion of this was achieved in recent years , for example , in the area of medicines for children , a matter which the public does not even know that it is a problem but which is to find a solution on a European scale , as Member States can not solve it independently .
However , the background of the High North is relatively depressing and , therefore , it is extremely sensitive .
We should not give the principle the objective constantly to present new requests .
Today , as I said , I will attend the Council of Agriculture Ministers .
Therefore , the aim of this proposal can not be limited to European legislation harmonisation , but should also promote health by improving health awareness of health issues .
Unfortunately , we have not succeeded in resuming an independent expert for the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) .
In particular , the intensity is ignored by financial reasons and maintenance detection .
We should not create a status for these children under which they do not receive education and are isolated in ghettos , simply because their parents are staying illegally .
Current problems are linked to the current financial collapse , but to argue that the airline crisis is due to it , would be wrong .
It will make a significant contribution to achieving minimum international standards that guarantee better working conditions , more safety and fewer deaths worldwide in this dangerous but strategic sector .
Would you like to clarify ?
However , it must be supported by clear regulations .
On behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left , I would like to reiterate that we will not support this .
The economic growth in Asian countries conceals serious violations of fundamental rights and human rights .
I would like to emphasise the request for the Commission to present a report assessing the level of contamination of the environment and the biological situation of the Gulf of Mexico , as well as to adjust the EU 's capacity to respond promptly to accidents on oil extraction , and to prepare a European action plan in cooperation with Member States .
Is the visit of the Lithuanian president , Mrs Grybauskaitė , not serving the credibility of the regime ?
In this regard , the expansion of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) and the optimising of the ESF have the aim of responding to numerous exceptional cases in social and economic areas where assistance is needed .
I know that the Non-Proliferation Treaty also contains civil elements , but today we are not talking about the resumption of nuclear energy for civilian purposes , we are talking about nuclear disarmament .
We are also having dialogue with them with the Czech authorities to ensure that this dialogue is maintained , its constructive spirit and the opportunity to reach a solution .
By the EU 's actions , it is intended to find solutions to the problems of the crisis and in innovative ways to restore stability in the Member States .
in writing . - Although I strongly support the idea of extending copyright , this proposal has become the most effective for the purpose .
As has been said here , this law must be implemented correctly and I seriously support the proposal for conducting accountability for the penalties imposed by the Member States .
It is not my mind to say , but let us say in a very neutral way that what this evening said is not necessarily logical to what was said before .
Also , in the management , it will be described and how the Cohesion Funds can be used to support business partnerships in the creation of innovative applications of ICT to promote and support cities and to use ICT to reduce emissions .
The implementation of renewable energy targets requires a network with greater degree of reconciliation , intelligence and , above all , to manage the right fluctuations .
The continuing conflict , naturally , took many victims and caused the emergence of internal refugees in the country , causing problems to the economy and respect for the rule of law .
It is therefore vital that our governments play a leading political role in order to encourage the other countries , such as the United States and China , reach an agreement .
Thank you .
( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , many women in Europe and throughout the world struggle every day to stop violence against them , but they can not and must not lead this fight alone because acts of violence against women , mainly men , are also acts of violence against all humanity .
I am also pleased that this ceremony is being held here in the European Parliament , the European Parliament 's Resistance of democracy for all European citizens .
In my opinion , we should not interfere in the personal questions of people whose court proceedings are still under way .
The European Structural Funds , which have been mentioned by many of my fellow Members , are another cause for concern .
The right of every person to stick to religious beliefs or not even to do so must be protected and protected from everyone .
For Moldova , it is essential to continue with the implementation of the European Neighbourhood Policy action plan and with the reforms that have been made in the document the Moldovan Moldova .
More than 30 % complete a third degree of education , but yet they do not work because qualifications that have been acquired are not compatible with the needs of the market .
( NL ) Madam President , today we are making an important foundation for the development of the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument ( ENPI ) .
This allows them to receive and provide funding for relatively favourable conditions .
While today we can already talk about an improvement in terms of the economic and financial crisis in some EU Member States , we must consider that the crisis in developing countries with all its painful consequences is still in the midst of this crisis .
The Arab culture is the most obvious .
Composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
We must launch partnership for energy and transport together with the partnership on the environment .
They are exploited and they are exploited .
I myself made myself a tribute to your children and , in my own , think I very well know what I am talking about .
Mercosur is a massive and dynamic economy with a total of EUR 1 300 billion and with the expected growth of GDP around 5 % in 2010 and 4 % in 2011 .
The figures of the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) are very clear : female genital mutilation is widespread practice in 28 African countries , in the Middle East and in some countries in Asia .
These are very specific examples that allow the Belarusian authorities to show goodwill and desire to conduct a genuine dialogue .
This must be compared with our obligation to achieve maximum sustainable yield by 2015 .
The reform of the CAP should be revised in relation to the economic crisis and the fight against climate change , as well as the preservation of its global competitiveness .
So we should not delude ourselves that by formulating some kind of policy , we will be able to solve problems that other policies can not solve .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , after the New York Times in the United States , an investigation is being carried out for the most extensive club of nine banks - one of which is a European - whose executive directors meet each Wednesday to indicate what action to take on derivatives .
The healthcare that is , of course , a long time for everyone who can pay for them , but something must also be done for those who can not pay .
Firstly , on values .
The Commission is primarily interested in reducing the size of the fleet , while at the same time not paying attention to the fact that dangerous products are imported into the European market from the Far East , such as the fish caught .
The Treaty of Lisbon provides new prerogatives , confirms the development of its international capacity and introduces new instruments .
The investment has certainly not been a medicine for which it was announced in Central and Eastern Europe , for example , during the economic transition .
This information is important to draw up a healthy and safe working environment in the Union and for the best practices of Europe in this area at the moment .
Finally , the paragraph 31 position expressed on readmission agreements with third countries does not reflect the view of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) on this issue .
( EL ) Madam President , Commissioner , it is simply a formality in this day to emphasise that the Black Sea is a strategic region for the European Union .
However , in view of your recent five years and what you have presented to us up to now - I am not talking about what could happen tomorrow , and what we have before us at the moment - I can tell you something certainly : you do not have my group 's support .
In this regard , I would like to emphasise that the main objective of cohesion policy is to bring regional economies closer to promoting productive capacity .
Unfortunately , the negotiations that will now be conducted with the Council will only alter this objective in a single EU , which is , in general , rare , in a position to withstand the pressure of national selfishness .
Yes , Basel must think about creating networks for small banks that support each other and makes it .
Economic growth and prosperity have been achieved with oil , coal and gas , so the transition to other sources will not become one day .
These agreements are therefore a small but positive step in the right direction .
I believe that we must take advantage of the moment to reach an agreement quickly .
With the expansion of the ghetto over recent years , seeking new ways of individual expression or even changing demographic trends , civil participation has undergone significant changes .
It is clear to be stricter .
We therefore believe that the credit facilities and Eurobonds must be made available , huge amounts must be invested in terms of ecology , in the recreation of buildings , in the modern transport sector , and also to devise a plan to protect the affected by restructuring and unemployment , to identify the way to support the unemployed , such as extending the scope of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
Whether the selection procedure of management executives provides independence from the influence of large companies , both during the selection process and in terms of the nomination of the democratically elected directors ;
We are again hearing in this House again about exchanging best practices between Member States .
Parliament urges the Authority to change this situation and inform the Court of Auditors of Auditors about the measures taken .
It will provide an annual financial contribution to each programme and will attend the meetings of the committee as an observer on issues that concern Switzerland .
Obviously , this hypocritical approach can not continue to bear in mind the fact that , on the one hand , we impose restrictions on our agricultural producers on traceability in relation to health and safety , while tackling consumer protection , and , on the other hand , we are allowing products that fail to cover these requirements free to be imported to our continent .
Furthermore , it seems that budget support has almost been used in the health sector in sub-Saharan Africa .
Nevertheless , we have reached some reports recently reached us , we have learned that some companies are working on how to turn away from animals more than animals .
Will we conduct an international investigation in these cases ?
This improvement must be carried out during the next summit which will take place on 18 May in Madrid and during which the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy should be actively involved .
The charger that is right must automatically be consulted by telephone , and this often leads to very much more sharply among consumers .
At the meeting of the last October 2010 .
Why ?
The European Union must insist on compliance with consumer protection provisions so that European citizens are not faced with the risk of buying products that are dangerous for health , goods with hidden or false products .
That , as I said , is a temporary agreement ; it can and will be a very sophisticated one .
This has long been a technocratic zone .
We all in this Chamber play a role in what we can call the building of trust in citizens ' .
Above all , he will see what he called the Freedom of Democracy Service - that is , when people vote , they do not understand their true interest and we must enforce them a better system .
Do you think that we should already continue with the adoption of more stringent measures , or rather do you think that the best way for negotiating with the Iranian regime ?
I believe that achieving this transatlantic market , for example , is one of the best answers that we can give .
We all argued in favour of this horizontal directive , but there are differences in terms of tonnes , and sometimes the specific content .
In this respect , I have a duty to deplore the recent attacks in the holding of Catholic Church and I call on the Spanish Government and the European institutions to condemn and fight against a more oppressive atmosphere , which , as if it is wrong .
Composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
The current system of names of the names of the tachograph and registrations is working flat .
In such conditions , women will undoubtedly stand on their positions .
In the resolution of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , we stressed that we want the proposed stress tests to become mandatory for Member States and to allow independent experts to manage the application of the tests , and that the tests must be transparent .
Allow me to make two general remarks .
It must also be of great importance to the report on eligibility for investment in energy efficiency and renewable energy in housing .
( ES ) Mr President , as you know , in Niger - one of the main countries in the Sahel region - at the end of this month , presidential and parliamentary elections are taking place .
Iceland can get the same , but it is very difficult to define a timetable for other countries that are not so well prepared .
However , I would like to remind the President-in-Office of the Council that , in the summer of 2008 , the Doha Round was on the road , but it has failed to conclude an agreement , as some of the BRIC countries ( Brazil , Russia , India and China ) wanted to make no concessions .
I definitely have a desire to continue the discussion of this agreement with Parliament and the Committee on International Trade , even more so that we are already moving to the end of these talks .
I therefore voted in favour of this resolution .
Of course , the Arctic Council itself represents an optional legal nature without a fixed budget or staff .
Now some messages : in connection with the signing of legislative acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure .
The region I come from , Austria , has succeeded in saving one species threatened with extinction , which is now spreading in a broad area - a somewhat small point of the survival of farmers and the forest workers whose feeling of the crowd are quite different .
And let us present a situation not to be converted into the books as a bad example of the bush .
A huge infrastructure must be spent , whether it is a more energy system in the North Sea or , at a lower level , charging stations on electric cars .
The only thing is safe nuclear energy is that it does not exist .
I hope that these reactions , which are responding to a tragedy , will set a precedent and that in other cases of gross human rights violations , the European Union will have the courage to act as quickly as possible .
Membership of committees : see Minutes
This means that everyone will not only have to observe the letter of law , but it will also have to respect the European Union 's position .
It seems to be not implemented the requirement to maintain sexual and reproductive health in its projects .
The right to the media in Hungary ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
This is obviously unacceptable .
The Court of Auditors judged that the Agency 's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular .
I welcome your comments on the European Research Area .
I do not want doctors to exert pressure and they are becoming the retailers .
The only negative element of this report is perhaps the fact that it only provides for three working languages - English , French and German , as the languages to which the request should be presented , except to the original language .
Further deepening of this cooperation , including a budget of EUR 15 million for the 2011-2013 programming period , will increase consumer choice and raise more and varied in cultural products on the European and international market .
It is very important , as honourable Members have said , to continue to consider how we are concluding agreements and instruments that we have to do so and to ensure that the instruments are set up in the need .
However , development must not mean simply aid for these European regions , which are already achieving results above the average level .
I consider the practice of discriminatory to those women and girls .
Furthermore , the Hungarian Government is planning to improve the energy efficiency of the largest consumers in the public sector by 60 % by modernising public institutions ( including the installation of solar thermal and modernisation of isolation and heating systems ) , based on the project for energy efficiency of buildings and climate protection .
Later , this year , Brazil will mark once again in its appearance on the global stage as an economic and political giant , when presidential elections are held and President , to take up their post of office after its maximum of two mandate .
The work on these issues is , in our view , a priority in the light of the economic crisis that the Member States are , and at a time when austerity measures impose an increasingly severe burden on the smallest countries .
I believe that the CAP must offer immediate solutions to the impact that the economic crisis has on agricultural businesses , such as the lack of access to credit for farmers , the restrictions on agricultural incomes and rising unemployment in rural areas .
However , Kosovo reveals the true face of a policy aimed at Europe 's profligacy .
We must assess them loud .
I welcome the fact that Parliament has made every effort to make the legislative initiative possible , as soon as possible , to use EU citizens , as it is in reality that they will use it .
One service can not control the other .
As for Pakistan , our main concern and of the top interest of us is that Pakistan is a stable democracy , free from terror and capable of participating together with its neighbours in protecting common threats .
We must express our concern about an increasingly frequent sentence of banning the exodus of Iran , which may lead to a logical conclusion that the authorities of power consider to be left in Iran to punishment .
What is that social ?
Russia has included in the election campaign there .
It is essential that the legal demands of disadvantaged social groups be recognised by all parties involved in the country 's management .
The Generalised System of Preferences ( GSP ) is one of the instruments enabling developing countries to compete on international markets by proposing or reduced customs duties or a zero tariff charge for their exports to the EU market .
Some have not been particularly progressive forces attempted to use the economic downturn as an excuse to withdraw the necessary commitments in terms of climate change .
Support from local authorities and citizens is extremely useful , highlighting that the internal dialogue is workable and effective at all levels , so the Danube Strategy is a strategy for European citizens .
I believe that cars obviously have good countries ; the automotive sector is extremely powerful economic sector in Europe .
The economic crisis has also had an impact .
Let me be very clear : there is no other alternative , but to continue to help strengthen the democratic forces of the civil society of Pakistan .
With regard to commitments , this is even a reduction in the budget in real terms .
In addition , the European Commission Humanitarian Aid programmes provide assistance in areas providing water and food security .
Research in the field of the cover covers a wide range of areas ranging from nanotechnology or space to nanotechnology , and will be important for the overall definition of CO2 standards in the future .
We in the European Parliament must support this .
I hope that we will really succeed in eliminating the weaknesses of the existing measures , which led to a lack of transparency and coordination between countries and to unjustified delays in the recovery process .
As a result , I think we must put more effort into reducing the risk of disasters and provide support for the capacity of communities in connection with the preparations for disasters .
On the other hand , we must fight more effectively against illegal immigration .
Terrorists behind the attacks are attempting to cause a clash between East and West , overturning the Muslim world against the Christian world .
The creative industries are an important part of economic policy .
However , the principle of not paying for organs will not prevent living donors from being recovered , given that this compensation is confined only to cover costs and missed revenues as a result of donation .
It is important to show them clearly the horrors and the two regime .
It is therefore not logical to oppose the aid we are discussing .
We have placed on the agenda at the G20 Summit in Seoul .
It will enable the free movement of patients and allow patients to have access to services better quality and at the precise time .
Moreover , the report recommends that the coordination of financial provisions impose greater responsibility on the global issue .
In 2009 's annual report on human rights , which was adopted recently , we have emphasised the need for the Union to play an active role in efforts to improve human rights and democracy worldwide .
I wish you all the best .
The main objective of the new protocol is to define the fishing opportunities offered to EU vessels , with regard to the rights of access and support for the sector and to continue cooperation between the EU and the Union of the Comoros , extending the partnership framework for a partnership that is developing a sustainable fisheries policy and responsible use of fisheries resources in the fishing zone in the Comoros in the interests and of both countries .
I mention this because it is also important in the context of our debate today .
The European response to the crisis in the real economy , the crisis among businesses and industry is focusing on jobs .
I also agree with those who say that in this sector , there are many incredible things in particular , and there is very injustice .
We have many commissioners , but as has been mentioned , you are definitely the number one thing in terms of the work we have .
There is no excuse for the crime , regardless of where it is done , in the real or in the world , but , of course , it is much easier to combat crime in the real world , because we have tools that enable us to intervene directly .
( ES ) Firstly , I would like to express my condolences and express my sympathy to the people of Haiti who hit so hard by this catastrophe .
When it comes to disabled people , our political differences are being given to the end of the objective , namely to ensure a higher quality of life and work .
Such problems should be resolved by national democratic mechanisms and procedures of the Italian Republic .
For the future , I endorse what has been said today by Catherine Ashton and my group , that we need to maintain an open approach and pay attention to civil society and to support it .
I think it absolutely necessary to provide support to dialogue between the two leaders and the two communities that are currently going on to make use of the chance in 2009 to reach an overall agreement - and , of course , we expect Turkey to contribute to a favourable political climate to achieving such an agreement .
In the Committee on Development , I have the honour of being President , we have avoided urban development over the last few years : for ten years , urban development has been the domain three times of Luxembourg .
However , in general , I consider the work of the agencies to be positive .
- Before the vote
I will also mention the protection of an international transport corridor in the Gulf of Aden .
My fellow Members and I met with many of the people affected by the vicious movement , civil society , the families of prisoners of freedom and the general public .
I would like to agree with you , Commissioner , that compared with the US , we can speak positively about what we have done in our backyard in terms of structural reforms that they could not even achieve in their final financial bill , especially in the area of insurance , and that we can show that in Washington when we have to do .
Every country must be assessed on the basis of its capabilities , and the pace of the process must be regulated according to them .
Now the figure is a daily mark .
Calendar of part-sessions for 2010 : see Minutes
The Agreement between the EC and the Republic of Mauritius provides for visa-free travel to the territory of the other contracting party to the maximum period of three months for a six-month period .
Otherwise , it will continue to be the sum of national actors , each of which it pursues its own national interests , and thus it will be vulnerable to the tactics of the kind of arm and the rule of aggression ' of unscrupulous external suppliers .
Parliament has been called for to regulate the financing of security charges to be regulated several times , but without success .
I believe that the framework agreement can be an opportunity to deepen the political dialogue between Libya and the European Union .
These are huge and we can see that the money that you are available is not enough .
( GA ) Mr President , there is one Irish saying : as many people , such views .
I believe that it is also important that governments , not only in Europe , but also our partners around the world , understand very well how important they are also to commit their priorities in the opposing of things that we are discussing today in this House .
It is for this reason that we are trying to raise in today 's debate that we are approaching and somewhat neglected issues for the extermination of the Roma .
Firstly , on the euro area , some Members raised questions relating to the euro area and some ongoing problems that we are facing in the euro area Member States .
The situation is critical and there is no need to be quickly updated .
It is of great importance that agriculture and the CAP are regarded as part of the solution to achieving these objectives , not as part of the problem .
Madam President , you are supposed to speak on the subject of 'catch the eye ' procedure .
The ultimate goal is to create a Euro-Latin American global interregional partnership area in political , economic , trade , social and cultural areas in order to ensure sustainable development and for both regions .
It is difficult to understand the position of Liberal Democrat liberal , who , with this resolution , call for the regulation of the media landscape at European level , while the media 's representatives believe that this proposal is , in particular , a restriction of freedom of the media and infringement of subsidiarity .
At the same time , the best available techniques and the documents will play a more significant role , and industry will have greater flexibility to make the necessary investments .
However , I would like to emphasise clearly that this should not be considered to be adopted by our side by the election results , of the arrest and repression against people with different thinking .
Why ?
in writing . - The fur fur skins of leather skin , surrounded by a bitter taste of blood oranges !
I wonder : is it the European perspective that speaks at the beginning of Mr Barroso , but it is not here to explain .
Are you prepared to make your written discussions and discussions not in writing on Opel 's issue prior to federal elections in Germany on 27 September ?
The European Commission must increase the ESF budget resources in order to provide adequate resources for measures to improve education and training , improve access to the labour market and combat unemployment and measures , and the measures under the EU 2020 strategy to combat poverty and social exclusion in the benefit of disadvantaged persons and vulnerable persons , especially women , including those who are faced with risk and uncertainty .
If we want to achieve these objectives , we must take advantage of the opportunities now .
In this emergency , we are convinced that all of them must be encouraged and assisted to invest in innovative ideas , in new technologies and innovation .
We must take advantage of this opportunity .
I am certainly asking you - we do not have the interest simply from a temporary ceasefire .
In this sense , the Member States ' contribution must be the most 1 % of gross national product .
I also believe that the adoption in March 2010 of a five-year strategy is progress in terms of its actions and improving future work .
This is the reason for the lasting debate .
With regard to the climate crisis , what is the Council 's reaction ?
Commissioner , we will give you your support to the creation of this fund .
That is why it is so important that we operate on the ground .
With this being voted against the amendments tabled by our delegation , laying down emission limits of carbon dioxide from new large power stations , Parliament has shown that it is not about the issues relating to greenhouse gas emissions .
The rule of law is of paramount importance to relations between Brazil and the EU .
It is gratifying that the European Union will go through a common , realistic and sustainable proposal in Cancún , because an agreement that provides tangible , tangible results , always and , in any case , it is preferable to the expectations that are inevitably doomed to failure and makes governments ' efforts on important environmental issues even less credible for international public opinion , which would be particularly difficult to remedy .
Very briefly for culture , as it has been mentioned as an important element , and we are perfectly aware - as I see in my journeys - that the regions and cities play a fundamental role in the cultural sector in Europe .
The European Parliament has presented a strong resolution proposing targeted visa and economic sanctions against the murderous regime of Lukashenko .
We must tackle the fight against homophobia here in the European Parliament , as well as in its national parliaments .
At the same time , I can imagine what will involve .
The drafting of this new procedure in the context of the regulation has been a new attempt to all of us and , above all , to me , if I have to be more respected .
I voted on the vote on close to the seven million Italian women who suffer violence from men every year .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to say a few words about the importance of the 3rd Maritime Safety Package , which represents a new and equally important result of cooperation between the Council and the European Parliament .
It is very closely linked to the ageing of Europe 's population and an increase in Europe is beginning to be a more serious epidemic .
These strategies allow the regions affected and countries to jointly respond to the existing problems and jointly to benefit from existing possibilities .
I would therefore like to make it clear that I should have produced this report in a rather sensitive area , with a constant rise in the risk of health than these waves , with a low frequency frequency and the inability of the scientific community to agree on this issue .
It is also important to take into account demographic change .
This is the most striking end of the proportions that extends to England to Scotland 's rights .
We need a mechanism that will set out a change that everyone recognises .
Following February , the European Parliament , which resolutely implements its new powers , has succeeded in making significant progress and receiving additional guarantees : we have been instructed by our group of the 'soft ' approach , regular reviews of the agreement , an initial assessment after six months , a report on progress after three years , rights of access and adjustments , the possibility of blocking the transfer of certain data , control by the US of the extraction of data and so on .
I agreed that we are dealing with , although it lacks teeth and determination that I would like to see .
After all , true democracy means precisely this .
Yemen 's aid can not be treated separately from security issues .
The Commission has repeatedly urged to take account of the interests of social services and vulnerable groups .
Our fishermen are muzzled in catch less fish , but demand is also increasing with it imports from third countries .
As the representatives of the European Investment Bank arrived later and could not hear my first speech , I would like to draw attention to the fact that a codecision procedure has already been applied and that the European Parliament does not play , as so far , just a small role in terms of the issues related to the European Investment Bank .
Madam President , Commissioner , you have just supported us in the initiative that we MEPs are planning to take on this .
Europe 's strength is in its joint efforts , whether we are talking about a humanitarian or intergovernmental method .
I hope that we will return to a strong democratic policy that has only been hit by the recent recent .
We must prepare a programme for visits , meetings and even material support for victims , but victims themselves are those terribly who will be better protecting their cause than we could .
Our support for this week to be given three issues to the ratification .
Community rules for the free movement of capital are also challenged as the so-called more important parties are urged to return the capital of their citizens .
The programme also supports cooperation between Spain and Colombia on the development of circular migration .
They can also contribute to the use of personal qualities and qualifications in a successful business .
This is what the European public hopes and we also hope that the results will make it realise the challenges that we all need to face .
Both the draft agreement with the Principality of Liechtenstein and the draft mandate still await approval by the Council , as some Member States have political reservations and contact these documents with the revision of the EU savings directive .
If this is a game or a game , you can say not , but as always is a matter of normal practice .
Subject : Cooperation
We realise how difficult it is for the Commission and the Council to collect these data , as there are Member States that do not have the willingness to provide them , perhaps because they have not carried out an investigation on the consequences of improving the quality of the decision-making procedures on refugee status and the status of persons enjoying international protection .
However , negotiations must be held with the country and the agreement must be signed .
We should vigorously put a stop to the most difficult situations faced by the holders of long-stay D visas .
I also agree with the idea expressed in the report that a European strategy on these diseases must protect services which support universal and broad a comprehensive geographical indication of access to the system .
Innovation also can help to resolve the convergence between budgetary discipline and policy aimed at promoting growth .
In this sense , creating a common foreign policy of the European Union has a particular significance , so the challenge facing Baroness Ashton in this area is even more .
As Vice-President , I have the right to decide whether to hold a roll-call vote or not .
Rather , I think that the Commission has done a good job and has put forward ambitious proposals .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , according to the report , the Commission should be successful competition policy .
Therefore , in the Committee on Foreign Affairs and today in this House we supported the amendments that are responding to our opinion .
Something has happened in Austria to 1848 , which has , in which the situation has improved somewhat .
The 2010 EU budget provides significant sums of commitment to the Economic Recovery Plan , such as energy networks ( EUR 1 175 million ) , the European Network of EUR 240 Multilateral ( EUR 208 million ) and carbon capture and storage of carbon dioxide in geological plants .
Taking into account their own responsibility , Europe has given its contribution to increasing this funding .
( FR ) No , this is not right .
However , Member States have different opinions on whether or not nuclear energy can play a role in reducing CO2 emissions .
Climate protection is an important objective , but the distraction of panic before the Copenhagen climate summit is alarming and does not reflect scientific facts .
The written written examination of residence permits in the country is maintained as a requirement for exercising the profession of the possibility of an exemption in 10 years without a disruption .
It is therefore very important to develop targeted and intelligent sanctions , including against individuals .
Instead of insisting on more immigration and migration laws , we must do the legislation that we already have to do better and harder for all citizens of the Union .
Following the G20 declarations , citizens expect results and a reliable European Union .
There are currently hundreds of offshore oil exploration platforms and gas .
It dates back from the end of June 2008 and reveals serious corruption situations with the involvement of EU funds .
In the framework of preparing the review conference , which will take place in 2010 , the Council intends to submit a revised and comprehensive statement .
These are all initiatives that are calling for many people in Europe .
Furthermore , although these statements were the most controversial selected by my political opponents , the statement in question does not conflict with the provisions of the law ; this is a very rare solution , as the Supreme Court has abolished a judgment handed down by the accused of a ruling , and , at the same time , he himself has spoken about this case , which is very rarely about in France .
Achieving a balance between freedom , protection of privacy and the need for security on the Internet represents a real challenge for all of us .
It is not a decision that has been taken whether young people aged 16 years could participate in this initiative , depends on the national electoral law .
The debate is closed .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to apologise that I did not go at the start of the debate , but just now I have been locked up by Brussels with a plane , and you , how to say , you were ahead on the agenda of the foreseen , which is very welcome , but therefore a little bit overdue .
And what were she received ?
Finally , oil companies operate on an increasingly thorough scale , which makes intervention very difficult in the event of an accident and poses the marine environment at risk .
What I want to know is : what has happened with your public protest ?
I would like to take the word ' straight away ' before the government decision ' so that reads reads read : 'The September of the government 's initial decision , unfortunately , not to attend the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony on 10 December in Oslo ; welcomes , on the other hand , the Ombudsman 's initiative to attend the ceremony as responsible and welcome decision ' .
However , I would like to mention two aspects .
In many cases , it goes further .
Furthermore , I would also like to say a few words about the EURONEST , which is just one example of finding a specific solution to improve the application of the ENPI in countries such as Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Moldova , Ukraine or Belarus .
Before the vote :
Statistics on religious freedom show that most of the acts of religious violence are against Christians .
It is right that the principle of non-discrimination should not only be defended throughout the procedure for processing data , but also create a European authority that has capacity to obtain and supervise the demands of the US .
Can there be freedom without rights ?
Firstly , I would like to thank you .
The European Union must encourage Libya to adopt legal and social solutions that improve the most effective living conditions of approximately two million immigrants - almost a quarter of the population - who work in Libya .
However , sustainable economic development is only possible with those employed - with people .
When the political landscape offers so little hope for change , the sense of powerlessness is inevitable - as we see now storm the change lies in the region .
It is therefore important to continue with the necessary preparations .
The issue of counterfeiting is about purely protectionist targets has already given its results .
As we do not want to be in any way to jeopardise the programme for residential blocks , which is important for all of us , we have finally agreed to not yet put forward amendments .
They represent the result of intensive consultation between the members of the Convention and non-governmental organisations involved in democratic policy .
The plans of some Member States to exclude the euro area are equivalent to abandoning the pursuit of trying to create a strong Europe .
I think that Israel 's policy is being viewed by many of us as a deceitful policy .
Since December , the newspapers and television programmes reported that Europe has been hijacked by the time of time .
The Tunisian people in the last few days are clearly proof of this .
However , the other country is being seen increasingly competing by third countries , and particularly the so-called flags of convenience ' .
This is the essence of the two letters , which I have sent to the Commission on 1 March , as a representative of the western representative for the region of western France , and which I had the opportunity to discuss last Thursday , in La I met with Commissioner Hahn , whom I sincerely thank you for the most pleasant .
( ES ) Mr President , the recently committed attacks in Iraq and Egypt are proof of two tragedies for Europe , albeit from a different nature .
More and more companies are relocating to benefit from low labour costs in some countries , particularly China and India , often disadvantage countries that respect workers ' rights .
We realise that , from a human and financial perspective , problems related to mental health often affect both private , family , professional and social life of individuals and their families and society as a whole .
It is important to note that the agreements provide benefits for passengers , as they can lead to simplifying control measures without them being ignored .
By adopting and reaching an agreement on the negotiating framework , Croatia and Slovenia agreed to resolve any border dispute in accordance with the principle of peaceful dispute resolution of disputes that is enshrined in the United Nations Charter .
In the light of the above , I can only express my hope that greater legal certainty will be provided in terms of solving the whims of national courts in the context of family law , in particular , in relation to the marriage or legal separation , such as an important step in establishing an area of freedom and justice , in which freedom of movement of persons is a reality .
The third issue is , of course , safety and safety certification must be a prerequisite for obtaining a licence for the recipient .
On this point , I would like to emphasise the importance of childcare facilities .
The additional funds for energy and research , as well as the decommissioning of the Kozloduy nuclear power plant in Bulgaria are positive aspects , but what I disagree with , are broad lines of the EU budget .
This information programme is , in fact , particularly important , because it is aimed at European and other consumers aware that our produce is not compete with the production of other countries , but rather that it offers an alternative to quality and productive methods tailored to environmental and social standards and with those relating to animal welfare , which is in favour of people 's health .
I beg God to be wrong .
It has already been more than 3 million victims and has more than 4.7 million people in the region to leave their homes .
In addition , efforts are made to establish a closer relationship and partnerships with neighbouring countries , the former enemies of Serbia , a step that I welcome , as it is significant in humanitarian terms .
Among them , the potential of the Arctic region , the rich natural resources in the region , raw materials and energy resources , as well as new transport routes and tourism , but also the sensitivities of the delicate environment in the Arctic and indigenous peoples ' rights .
We must not send out the wrong message .
As regards the role of the private sector , decisions will be taken in every one-off , so that the commitment of the private sector will not be a basic requirement for support under the future stability mechanism .
Obviously , stable and enduring democracy is a prerequisite for eventual EU membership .
Our cross-border cooperation and the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights programmes have given support to the people of the Federation of Associations of Russia and other peoples of the region of the Barents Sea .
We will try to provide the remaining EUR 2.4 billion through compensation in the coordination of the 2010 budget procedure and 2011 , with the help of all - and I quote , since this is important - 'the budgetary resources provided for in its legal framework and without affecting the financial package envelopes of the programmes subject to jointly and the annual budgetary procedure ' .
I think that through a very broad agreement reached in cooperation with my shadow rapporteurs and with all of you , we are sending a very clear message to the Council and to the Commission , which is the task of negotiating , but also to the negotiators from a Libyan country , about which conditions we need necessarily to achieve our collective relations , and also in the most transparent question of respect for human rights in Libya .
There is no real mention of the citizens ' initiative .
On 9 December , trade ministers will meet in order to debate the recovery of our economic and trade cooperation .
The problem of water is the most important challenge facing the world and Europe .
What is the European strategy on this matter ?
However , I call on the Agency to improve the accuracy of the information provided by the operational departments regarding the assessment of the operational expenditure incurred by the Agency .
The solution is not to close borders but rather to seek concrete ways to facilitate citizens ' integration into the diversity of European societies .
It concerns and defines their everyday lives .
In order to avoid any misunderstanding , I must say that this report has no direct treatment for genetically modified food .
Now it is being politicised .
I am sure that this new proposal will give new impetus to the debate in the Council by ensuring that the new proposal also reflects the views of the Council and Parliament .
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Madam President , I would like to briefly highlight two things .
Or look at a densely populated Member State like Germany , Austria or Italy : how will we get Austria or Germany , for example , to accept a 30 % reduction , so that Poland will regulate its economic development , the number of cars per capita and so on the objectives ?
The most significant part of patients with mental health abuses in hospitals and other social institutions are found in miserable and absolutely degrading living conditions , with the greatest levels of primary and most significant gains at the level of primary and most targeted assistance .
This trade regime allows 176 developing countries and regions to benefit from a preferential market access to the European market in return to the ratification of the ILO conventions for social rights and the UN conventions on human rights .
Europe will be united and that unity will be provided by powerful regions , which , defending its own interests , will work closely together with others , and thus creating a network of wealth and development across Europe .
This actually represents Europe 's money to these third countries .
Israel must be saved by the temptation for a solution that implies war and armed force .
We need a change in speed when short-term speculators have an advantage of the international financial market ( due to mistaken rules ) to those who want to make long-term investments in jobs , in the most profitable products and the long success of their business .
I am also pleased that the Commissioner has also attended , responsible for our neighbourhood policy .
Constant filling is growing in areas where they are being increasingly embedded in the sea .
There is , of course , a different timeframe for India and Europe for , so to say , the path to tariffs , and that is understandable , as both sides are different to development .
It seeks to provide greater protection in terms of the CE mark , hazardous substances , national contact points on construction products , independence and transparency , health and safety , as well as electronic communication .
Unfortunately , this is still not what he has done .
Experience from the past shows that Fair and firmly enforcement of the rules only leads to a positive effect on competition within a sector .
On behalf of my group , I would like to say that I have been reminded of his office of great dignity .
The EU strategy for the Black Sea is fully dedicated to the development of the Nabucco gas pipeline and the creation of a free trade area guaranteeing its energy security and its energy security in the region .
The cities of smart communications , transport and energy infrastructure are needed .
We are not talking about new minorities here .
Personally , I think that labelling will not be enough or if it is used , this type of rosé wine should not be called for 'rosé ' .
I must inform that , unfortunately , a few hours ago in Belarus , another human rights violation has been carried out .
Finally , I would like to mention the progress made on the table which contains the basic information for investors providing them with protection , saying that we would like this study to be distributed - on a hard basis for its small size - not only in request .
I would prefer to have support for the main pro-European political families , but some are being driven by this .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety and the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy have participated in meetings and two participated in the debate with the Commissioner , where we were able to look at the facts more closely .
I do not know Mr Samecki , and so I am interested here to answer a question on which Mr McCreevy and his team work .
On behalf of a hundred thousand people , I now say 'yes ' to the European Protection Order .
This is the only way that Europol 's work has sufficient legitimacy .
You do not want the people who want to have a battle against the most defenceless bureaucrats of health care , which are healthcare policy confined to electronic correlation tables with figures and statistics in their computers ?
The Arctic therefore has an important contribution to energy supply , raw materials and also to fish for Europe .
In view of the fact that this is an authoritarian regime , we must take into consideration the possibility of a threat to other countries , in particular , to neighbouring countries .
Taking into account the merits of the Black Sea Synergy , which we approved three years ago , a new EU strategy for the Black Sea should use stronger policy and specific instruments .
The powers and resources of the Anti-Fraud Office and organised crime have been strengthened .
The European Parliament must have a greater role in creating competition policies and , in this regard , I call on the Commission to follow , in particular , 3 and 4 and to really take a serious account of the European Parliament 's reporting on its recommendations .
These are very good plans , but their implementation is seriously threatened by the financial and economic crisis that is continuing to be today .
We fight in Belarus to have free elections and Belarus to be a free partner in Europe .
We therefore support the development of relations with Libya by establishing a framework agreement , which sets out various areas of cooperation with a view to promoting genuine political dialogue .
We must be careful not to pay for the environment .
I voted in favour of the resolution on the establishment of credit rating agencies : perspectives .
I therefore call on the European Commission and Member States to develop an effective strategy for combating the media .
( EL ) Madam President , we are at a turning point .
This means that water must remain under public control , which is in the interests of everyone .
Unfortunately , the positive elements are too little and rare .
However , since the Agency has been the most ambitious five of the 18 recommendations , it seems to be lacking in the need for this .
However , what I would like to say and point out is that a strong cod is just as dangerous as it is also in human body and in the economy .
Of course .
And what is happening now ?
This is why the EU strategy for the Black Sea should create a stronger political framework and give a strong impetus to the EU 's involvement in the Black Sea region .
Subject : Measures to reduce the administrative costs for SMEs
As far as I understand from the ambiguity on this issue , the omission of this case is the lack of information about what was exactly the case to arrive at the infection of pork .
At the same time , I share the rapporteur 's position that Member States should have more time to investigate whether repealing the directives will lead to legal uncertainty that makes European harmonisation of the rules necessary .
I am thinking mainly of hundreds or even thousands of Belarusian students who can not continue their studies , and I would like to make a very concrete proposal , namely , of drafting a special Erasmus programme , within the framework of the already Erasmus , which is for students from Belarus .
However , there is now the risk of the system being used to legitimise another practice , namely the violation of human rights from the regime .
Mr President , the scenario is the same .
Do we really think that it will be better to create a new administrative bureaucracy in the hands of the same kind of macro-prudential policy that created the common agricultural policy , the common fisheries policy , the horizontal budgets and all the other systems adopted by EU law ?
Finally , thank you , Mr President , we believe that the chapter on sustainable development must include binding commitments in terms of complying with social and environmental standards , and especially the social standards of the ILO .
It will probably be in the interests and of the Commission to include the European Parliament in legislative initiatives at an early stage in order to ensure an effective process that is in the interests and for the benefit of the people of Europe , as well as for active democracy .
Because a person can undergo discrimination on the basis of each of these individually , and if nothing is done in terms of one of them , it is futile and all done in terms of others .
We have identified many criteria and , if possible , we want to cover all areas of relations between the EU and Russia .
( PT ) We must learn lessons from the leak of oil in the Gulf of Mexico and the subsequent environmental catastrophe .
Member States must be able to adapt to the circumstances .
It is based on a common system for the reception of asylum seekers and on the examination of applications and decisions concerning the future of these citizens .
Laurent Gbagbo must recognise its defeat .
Thirdly , there is no fact that an assessment of the financial impact , there is no study to determine the amount of costs , and I fear that I must express my disagreement with you , Commissioner : I do not think that the study carried out by the European Parliament on sharing the burden deals with the costs of these proposals .
For example , in the context of recent decisions on the interactive equipment for the most extensive or steel , we have been carrying out a decrease in a 20 to 75 % .
We therefore call for 'an mainstreaming , as well as Parliament to be regularly informed of any initiatives in this area .
However , this can not be done with the gradual and gradual changes .
Together with the countries of the Gaza Strip , we must expand and coordinate our efforts through a common regional strategy , just as you mentioned .
In my opinion , the most recent negotiations with regard to the Mediterranean island are not an indication of celebration , as the last Turkish Cypriots 's proposal is contrary to the existing consensus on some issues , meaning that it actually represents a step backwards .
Small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) must be supported first and foremost .
Finally , this response to the crisis must be comprehensible for citizens , it must repeat the priorities in the environment and energy and reaffirm the position of an independent European Union , leaving all avenues open , all avenues , so that we can achieve exactly what we want .
However , we voted in favour of this resolution as a whole .
Such investments are a kind of compensation thanks to the savings during the appeal phases , as well as to reduce the total cost of the reception of asylum seekers .
The framework agreement with Libya can therefore only be given to Parliament 's consent if certain conditions have been met .
I can only regret the fact that the European right has adopted more stringent accelerated procedures based on the understanding that all asylum seekers are primarily potential fraudsters , thereby limiting their rights .
What is happening in Delhi ?
This will help to support and promote small and medium-sized enterprises , as they employ the largest percentage of EU citizens .
Would it not be appropriate for the opening of the process for the Commission to organise some form of a more competitive competition in the territory of the EU to pave the way and understand what the ten pillars of the citizens would welcome the initiative with the citizens .
However , overall , this is a good result that is completely in tone with Parliament 's objectives , the Council and the Commission , namely , to fight trafficking in human beings , this appalling modern form of slavery , this appalling crime which Europe in 2010 does not deserve and which is a serious violation of the fundamental rights of so many citizens .
I really believe that the same will happen later this year , but I do not want to make a situation where we receive a document not for 2008 but for 2007 .
The problems in the euro area are today clearly proof of the failure of a more integrated approach that we followed over the last 10 years with the so-called open method of coordination .
The British study of the British Camara 's study proves precisely this statement : a system that allows a rapid response to asylum seekers is much cheaper , and the delay and forced expulsion of families is also very much more damaging .
It will ensure that any person who claims is the victim of violation of the Convention on the part of an institution or body of the Union can lodge a complaint against the Court of Justice in Strasbourg , in the same conditions , with complaints against Member States .
In future , we must make the food aid scheme permanent .
The main investment that will allow this purpose to be achieved is Nabucco .
The second aspect of the subject relates to pharmaceutical products .
What structural changes can the European Union offer to the world ?
A few months ago , I supported the need for an urgent revision of the provisions on crimes against religions in the so-called blasphemy laws ' .
